"x"
"



                			You really know him. I really do. Never? No. Why not? Because you can never go back. Forstman's insisting that I run the money through Switzerland and the Caymans before it comes out on the other side. And you're obligated to report it. I didn't. And I'm not going to. What are you talking about? Rachel, hey Logan and I kissed. Mike, no, please. I When I said that it didn't matter what I do next because I have you, I was wrong, because we're done. That's your fee for putting this deal together. Son of a bitch, you didn't bring me here for you to sign on the arrows. You brought me here for me to sign on the arrows. Yep. You cannot take a job with that man. What are you going to do about it? I hired Mike Ross back at the firm. What? You're really going to drop me? You're damn right I am. I never want to see you again. Are you back here? No, no. I'm staying somewhere for a while. Mike, please. Rachel, whatever you're going to say, now is not the time to say it. I'm coming back to work tomorrow. If you can't accept that then whatever you were going to say to me, won't matter. I told her this time I'm gone It would never be the same You'll be left all alone Only you to blame Paralyzed Paralyzed Running paralyzed So hold me 'cause this is the end Life is my guide There is no need for us to suspend This feeling inside I thought you might need this. Thank you. So, the way I see it, you've got three options. You can wear what you were wearing last night, you can go back to your place and change, or you can grab anything you want from my closet. Nothing? I thought for sure you would leap at the chance. Mike's coming back to work today. I know. What am I going to do? You're going to do what you've been doing since the day Mike left. You're going to walk into Harvey's office with your head held high, and you're going to do your job. Mike's job. Rachel. I don't know how to be near him without being near him. I'll tell you how. Give him space. I don't want to give him space. I want to run to him and hold him and tell him that I love him. I know. But, Rachel, if you try to pull him towards you right now, all you're going to do is push him away. Trust me. Let things be. They'll turn out the way they're supposed to. You don't know that. I do know that. Okay. Rachel, I'm going to tell you something I've never told you. I slept with Harvey. Oh, my God. But you told me I know what I told you. It was once and I never would have done it if we were still working together. But then he left the DA's office and It happened. And then the next time I saw him, he wanted me to come with him to the firm, and I did, and that was that. Would you have wanted a relationship with him? I would've wanted to try. But he wasn't ready. And if I had pushed him to be ready, I would be sitting here talking to somebody else about somebody I used to work with a long time ago. What are you saying? I'm saying everything turned out the way it was supposed to. But you said the reason that you two never Is because you can never go back. I lied. Oh. I'd let you go, but I was here first. Words to live by, by Harvey Specter, the most selfish man in the world. Don't mind if I do. Wait a second. What are you doing here so early? I always get in this early. You never get in this early. And I know that for a fact, because this is the time I get in every single day. You should sleep in once in a while. It's good for you. Trust me. I do it every single day. It just so happens that this morning, I have work to do. What work? The ""Schmoolkinsberg"" brief. The ""Schmoolkinsberg"" brief? That's what you're going with? It's not going to write itself. I'm taking your name off the wall. Seriously, I'm here for the Tokyo markets. Name one Tokyo market. The Nikkei. Name another. Honda, Toyota, Kia. Kia is Korean. Yeah, but they're in the same time zone. Where it is currently dinner. I'm a little tired of this inquisition. This is exactly why I don't come in this early. Oh, and the reason that you're here this early this morning is because it's Mike Ross' first day back. Is it? Louis, why are you here so early? I am taking this Forstman document and I am burying deep in the bowels of these files, and then I am putting these files deep in the bowels of our storage. Louis, please stop saying bowels. Katrina, I don't have to time to give a shit about bowels. Because after this, we are starting fresh. And I don't want to hear about Gillis Industries, Sean Cahill, Charles Forstman ever again. Well, look who it is. Bonnie and Clyde. Just the people I wanted to see. What do you want, Sean? To serve you with this. What the hell is that? He wants all files relating to the Gillis Industries takeover. Oh, I don't want the files. I'm taking them. Bullshit. We have 60 days to fight that or comply. You want to tell him, or should I? It's not a subpoena, Harvey. It's a search warrant. So, you're going to give me all the files, or you're going to head downtown with these two fine gentlemen. Okay, Sean. Have it your way. You're going to take that hall. You're going to run into what appears to be the mummified remains of a legal secretary. Her name is Norma. Mm-hmm. She's going to limp you up to the 60th floor, where you will find that haven't been sorted since the Reagan Administration. Or is it the 56th floor? It could be the 35th floor for all I know. The point is, while you're trying to find the ark of the covenant, we'll be downtown, in front of a judge, blocking this bullshit. You think the threat of you getting to a judge before I find what I want is going to get me to leave? Then stay. But who do you think is going to get the job done faster, you and those two windbreakers, or Bonnie and Clyde? See the money, wanna stay for your meal Get another piece of pie for your wife Everybody wanna know how it feel Everybody wanna see what it's like I'll even eat a bean pie I don't mind Me and missy is so early Busy, busy making money All right! All step back I'm 'bout to dance The greenback boogie Welcome home, sailor. You were out to sea a long time. I was. But now I'm back. This place hasn't changed a bit. Maybe it has. Is this a new Spinner's album? No. And you know it's not new. You and Harvey joked about it. I could have sworn that was a different one. Said the man with a photographic memory. Okay, that doesn't mean I've seen every album he ever You have no idea where to go, do you? Not a clue. Come with me. Donna, I went to the bullpen, some guy with a soul patch was sitting at my desk. That's because it's not your desk anymore, and you're not cool enough to pull off a soul patch. I dispute that. Are you even capable of growing a soul patch? I had a goatee in my sophomore year of never. Look, it's not your desk anymore, because you're on the other side of the bullpen now. Which other side? The other side, like not the side that you were on. Towards the door, or away from the door? Which door are you talking about? Which door are you talking about? You know what? Just shut up and keep walking. You're not here five minutes and you're already a pain in my ass. This is the other side of the bullpen. Are you serious? I know. I fought it tooth and nail. I mean if it were up to me, you'd be setting up shop in the file room. You did this, didn't you? Well, I didn't not do it. Thanks, Donna. It's good to have you back, Mike. Well, some of us have work to do. And of course, by some of us, I mean you. As soon as word got out that you were coming back, the partners started taking numbers to give the boy wonder their work. Thanks, Donna. You already thanked me. Not for that. For not mentioning Rachel. Mike. Come on, you expect me to believe you don't know what's going on? I know enough to know that it's between you and her. Shit, look who's back. Shit, look who's still here. Somebody had to pick up your slack while you were shitting the bed on Wall Street. Which is why it's good to be back here, where there's a shitty lawyer like you to make me look good. It's good to see you. Thanks, Katrina. Don't thank me. Thank Louis. Oh, I did, when he hired me back. I'm sure you did. And I'm sure he would never tell you this, but I wanted you to know what he gave up to bring you back here. What are you talking about? Jessica gave Louis one wish when he closed Forstman, and he had a whole plan to manage his work schedule so he could try to reignite things with Sheila, and he gave all that up, because he cared more about you than he did about himself. I didn't know that. Well, like I said, I thought you should. Welcome back. I have court in 10 minutes. Now what are you three doing in front of my face? We're here because he showed up in our offices this morning with a search warrant. A search warrant, I'm sorry to say, you have no authority to stop. Yes, you do, because he deliberately went outside your authority to get it. What? Your Honor, I went to a different judge, because my office tried to reach you, but you were unavailable. Check with your clerk, there's a record of the call. Did you make it from Judge Franklin's house? Because he's the one who signed the warrant at 8:30 last night. The same judge you play golf with, every Thursday. And Barack Obama plays basketball with Eric Holder. Let's arrest everybody. I'm not interested in everybody. I'm interested in why you went around me. Because I needed a warrant last night to stop them from destroying evidence this morning. And the day someone's guilty until proven innocent is the day that argument holds an ounce of water. Better get your glass, Harvey. That day is coming sooner than you think. Well, it's not today. I'm revoking your search warrant until we can have a full hearing. Your Honor, I'm That's enough. If you want to go rummaging around in a law firm's files, you better come to me with more than innuendo. I better get going. I have to look up the word ""innuendo"", if you know what I mean. Harvey, I'm telling you, that man is not going to stop coming. I'm going to suggest something radical here. And what is that? We could just give him what he wants. The fact is, we've got nothing to hide. Harvey, I don't care that we have nothing to hide. A police officer follows a car long enough, he's going to find a busted taillight. And even if he doesn't, he's going to bust it himself. Then what are you suggesting we do? I don't know. But this whole witch-hunt is about Cahill thinking you colluded with Mike Ross. So, now that he's back, why don't you collude with that fraud and get us the hell out of this. I see you got yourself an office. It's not as nice as the one I had, but It's still a step up. You mean because it's smaller, or because the view is worse? I mean because it's my old office. You're shitting me. Look in the top left drawer. You're serious. I am. Donna said she did this. She had the idea to give you an office. It was my idea to give you this office. And it just happened to be empty? Something like that. Right. Good to have you back where you belong. Okay, enough fun. Sean Cahill's trying to go through every file we have on the takeover. You in? I sure as hell don't want to do an amicus brief for Paul Porter. Good. Then figure out a way to keep Cahill from getting his hands on our documents. And do it fast, because we don't have much time. Harvey, have you considered the fact that he's been going after us for collusion and we didn't collude? What are you getting at? Well, why don't we just give him all the files? We have nothing to hide and fighting him makes it look like we do. That's what I said to Jessica. You know what she said to me? A cop follows a car long enough, he's going to find a busted taillight. And even if he doesn't, he's going to bust it himself. Speaking of Jessica, you never told me how she felt about me coming back. Find a way to beat Cahill and then ask me that again. You just had to get to him first, didn't you? What'd you give him, a lock of your hair? What are you talking about, Louis? You think I didn't notice you conveniently put Henderson in my old office so you could give Mike your old office? For your information, Louis, Henderson begged for your old office, because he thinks you're the best attorney that's ever walked the face of this earth. Oh, bull Really? Absolutely. So you're not just saying that to butter me up so I'll let this go? Hand to God. Or as Henderson would say, hand to Louis. Okay, then, just as long as you're not trying to pull one over on me. That Henderson is going places. Don't move. What What are you doing? Taking a mental picture of this moment. Louis, that's not a mental Mike Ross, the prodigal son, returns. Thanks. You're very welcome. And, Louis, I want to thank you again for bringing me back. I'm never going to forget it. And if there's ever anything that I can do to repay you Mike, please don't insult me. You do not owe me. And if you really care about me, you will never mention repaying me with a favor again. I really appreciate it, Louis. Good. Now, I need you to drop whatever it is you're doing and Louis, I can't drop what I'm doing. Harvey just asked me to What do you mean you can't drop what you're doing? I just brought you back here, you owe me. You just told me never to mention that again. What, you think I meant that? I said that because that's what people say. And now what you say is, ""Screw what Harvey asked me to do. ""I don't give a shit about him, I only give a shit about you, Louis."" Louis, this isn't just for Harvey, it's for the firm. Okay? Sean Cahill is Bullshit. That's just the kind of thing that Harvey Did you just Did you just Did you just say Sean Cahill? Yeah. He's trying to get access to our files on the Gilles takeover. Why didn't you say that in the first place? We need to fight this son of a bitch with the full force of the law, Mike. That's what I was doing. Then do it. You don't have time to work on this case. I need to bring it to Katrina. Louis, are you okay? No, I am not okay. Mike, this is an attack on our firm. And an attack against one of us is an attack against all of us. Get the hell to work. You're We're in trouble. Sean Cahill is trying to get the Gillis files. Louis, you buried that document. You don't understand. The SEC is going to have these files forever. And eventually they're going to see the money went in one place and came out the other, and I'm the person who did it. What do you need me to do? I want you to cover up my tracks as best you can. And what are you going to do? I'm going to try and fix it so the goddamn thing never happened in the first place. What are you doing here? I didn't think we had any further business to discuss. We don't. We just have a problem with the business we just did. Are you here to shake me down for more money? I'm here to give it all back. Louis, I told you Now, just listen to me, okay. The SEC, they're trying to get access to our files. That happens, they see that your payout was routed offshore and you didn't pay taxes on it They'll see I haven't paid taxes. I have until the third quarter of two years from now to report that income. And if I need to, I will. Are you crazy? They're not idiots. Nobody has money wired through a Swiss Bank and the Caymans if they're planning on reporting it to the IRS. That's not proof of anything. And the only thing they'll definitely find if they get a look at those files is that you've embezzled money. So get out of my office. Listen to me, goddamn it! We need to undo this deal. I'll tell you what, Louis. Have a seat. You want peace of mind? Draw up the same paperwork we already signed. Only this time, have Harvey sign it instead of you. What? You're the one who said you'd go to the ends of the earth to stick it to him. Taking his client is one thing, framing him for a felony, that's another. It's your call. Use your name, replace it with his, I don't give a shit. But the deal is staying in place. I heard they hired a new hotshot attorney, but they never said how handsome he was. Look, Rachel, I'm really swamped right now. Too swamped to even stop by and say hello? Saying hello is just going to lead to saying a lot more, and now's not the time to have it out. Well, I'm not here to have it out with you. I am here to work with you on fighting off Sean Cahill. I don't need any help. But you just said you were swamped. Because I'm trying to avoid having a conversation with you, which obviously isn't working. Well, Mike, I am Harvey's associate now. So you're working a case with him, you're working it with me. He didn't say anything to me about it. Well, he said it to me. Why do you think I'm here? I don't care what he said. It's not a good idea. What isn't? For us to even be in the same room together? Not right now, no. You're the one who chose to come back here. So? So you don't get to act disappointed that I work here, too. Rachel, listen to me, I told you that I needed space. What do you call staying at a hotel? Based on this conversation, I'd call it a smart move. Okay, Mike, I'm sorry. Look Where are you going? To get some air. Wow. They hire you back after helping them break the law, and this is what they give you for lunch? You wouldn't ask that if you'd ever had one of these bagels. Maybe not. But let me ask you this. Remember that game show called Let's Make A Deal? Not interested. You haven't heard what's in it for you. I don't need to hear what's in it for me, because I know what's in it for you. You're a smart kid. I see why they wanted you back. I need to get back to my bagel, which is going to taste so much better when I'm not looking at you. All right, before you gobble that up, think about this. Sooner or later, I'm going to get those files. But there's nothing to stop you from giving them to me all on your own. If you do that, any of those files that say Mike Ross, I'll replace with ""anonymous former employee."" That would be tempting, Sean, if I actually had something to hide. Oh, I do have one more question, though. Is Harvey footing the bill? What? For your room. The Soho Grand. That's where you're staying, right? You should try the Cobb Salad. It's out of this world. Guess who just got propositioned by a striking blonde? Please tell me it was Kate Upton. Isn't she a little young for you? Last night she told me I was the perfect age. To be her father. When are you going to understand, they all want a daddy, Mike? You want to talk about Cahill, or just keep bragging about things that never actually happened? What did Cahill want? Well, it's not what he wanted. It's what he gave me. Well, let's have it. Son of a bitch knew I was staying at a hotel. What are you getting at? Didn't you say he sidestepped Judge Hopkins to get a search warrant for our files? You're thinking he went around Hopkins to get authorization to follow us? I'm thinking he never got authorization at all. Then we need to get a list of the SEC's requests for surveillance by tomorrow. I have a friend at Justice. Since when? Okay, I don't. But I thought it sounded cool. Mike, this is serious. We need that list and we need it by tomorrow. On it. Good news, Louis. I not only misfiled and misdated that document, I added in 10,000 others that look just like it. That thing is as buried as it's ever going to be. What the hell difference does it make? It's all for nothing. What happened with Forstman? What do you think? He didn't go for it. No, something else happened, because you wouldn't be this upset if he just turned you down. He wouldn't undo anything. But he is willing to let me pin the whole thing on Harvey. How would you even do that? Well, I don't know. Make up a new document, forge his signature. Doesn't matter, because I'm not going to do it. Louis. Katrina, enough. You did good work, but the truth is if we have to turn over those files, they find that transaction, I'm going to end up in prison. Then you and I better figure out a way to make sure Harvey wins that motion. Okay. Don't you have a funny way of giving someone space? What? Not only did you do exactly what we talked about not doing, but you lied and you used Harvey's name to do it. I'm sorry. No, sorry is not good enough. This is the second time we've had this conversation recently, and I want to know why the hell we are having it again. I didn't mean to lie. I just I went to Mike to talk That's my point. You couldn't even make it through one day? I thought that I could. And then, I saw him sitting there and I just Rachel, just because something's hard to do, doesn't mean that you can't do it. Okay. I shouldn't have brought Harvey into it, but I am not going to apologize for talking to Mike, because he and I aren't the same as you and Harvey. Excuse me? That didn't come out the way that I wanted it to. I did not tell you that for you to just throw it back in my face. I didn't mean to throw it in your face. I respect that you let things take their natural course, but I want to make things work with Mike. And the only way I know how to do that is to fight for him. Fight for him all you want. But don't lie about Harvey ever again. You missing it in here already? Just passing through. I lied to you. I know you lied to me. Not that. Harvey never assigned me to your case. I did it because you left our home and you came here, and all I can think every time I look at you is how sorry I am. And the reason I want you to leave me alone is all I can think when I look at you, is him. Then why did you come back? I was drowning. And Louis threw me a lifeline. I'm your lifeline, too. A lifeline? You're the one that threw me overboard. Mike. Why did it have to be him? I don't need you to keep telling me that you're sorry, or to be charming, or anything else. I just need to get that image out of my head. Did you get it? No. Little heads up would have been nice. I don't exactly have a backup plan. Well, good thing I do. What are you talking about? It doesn't matter whether we have proof of our theory or not. It just matters whether or not our theory is true. You typed up a fake list? Exactly, brilliant. It would have been a little more brilliant if you didn't get here at the last second. It wouldn't work if it doesn't look real, and that takes time. Okay. Just give it to me. I got it. Ah, well, well. If it isn't the Wonder Twins form of, douche bag. Shape of, got you by the balls. No, no, no. It's got to be an animal. I don't care what it has to be. What that is, is every surveillance request from the SEC in the last three months. Mike, why don't you tell him what's on there? Oh, he knows what's on there and what's not on there, which would be me and you. Wait a second, doesn't that make any evidence he's planning on using today inadmissible? I believe it would. Save yourself the embarrassment, Sean. Withdraw your request for a warrant, a subpoena, or anything. All right, let's get this thing going. What are you two doing at his table? Did you want to tell him, or should we? Your Honor, I'm formally withdrawing my request to go through their files. Then why are we all here? Because I want it to be on the record that Logan Sanders requests the release of all communications between these two gentlemen on his behalf. What? You heard me. Your Honor, how do we know that signature isn't fabricated? Go ahead. Give Mr. Sanders a call. He'll tell you it's true. Because unlike you, he was more than happy to sign the request in exchange for immunity. Pending verification of this signature, you ought to give him everything he asked for immediately. Your Honor. I told you we'd get those files sooner or later. I guess it's going to be sooner. What's that? It's 50 different ways we can stop Sean Cahill in his tracks. Why did you I told you. An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us. Harvey's my brother and if Cahill's coming after him, he is coming after me. Louis, it doesn't matter. There's nothing we can do about it. What do you mean there's nothing we can do about it? Logan Sanders cut a deal with Cahill. We have to release all communications between me and Harvey on Gillis. Just between you and Harvey? That's it? None of the Forstman stuff? That's it. Thank God. We're in the clear. Louis, one second ago you said that an attack on Harvey was an attack on you. Yeah, yeah. And you just said there's nothing we can do about it. But that doesn't make it a good thing. Doesn't it? What are you Mike, did you collude with Harvey or not? Of course I didn't. That's exactly my point. So as far as I'm concerned, this matter is done. Guess what this is. Louis, I was never really a Star Trek fan. It's the resting heart rate of a happy man. It's over? We're sending them files, but we're not sending them our files. I don't understand. Logan Sanders signed a deal Blah, blah, blah. They're not getting the Forstman document. And that's the end? That's the end. Congratulations, Louis. Thank you, Katrina. You know what? Why don't you take the rest of the day off and check out that Mummenschanz retrospective I've been telling you about. Thank you, Louis. Though I may do something else. Suit yourself. But I'm telling you right now, it's a game changer. They Am I to understand Logan Sanders waived privilege? Yeah, it's his right. Goddamn it, Harvey. You never should have cut that man loose as a client. Well, I cut him loose because I knew he was the kind of person who would do what he just did. Bullshit. You cut him loose because you knew Mike Ross was coming back here. Well, you're damn right I did and I'm not going to apologize for it. You should have discussed it with me first. Well, it's easier to ask for forgiveness than permission. Forgiveness? You just said you're not going to apologize for it. You know what? I'm not. Because I don't want to hear a lecture on the amount of billings his company brought in. You mean the $20 million going back over two decades? I don't give a shit if it's $100 million. You want to have it out over which clients we keep? I'm happy to. But in this case, I made a call and you're either going to back me or you're not. We need to stop fighting. Excuse me? We're not fighting. Yes, we are. I'm not talking about you two. Then what the hell are you talking about? Cahill. You want us to give in? No. I'm saying he wants all the files. Let's give him all the files. Rachel, what are you doing here? I told you I needed some time. And then you told me that you needed to get that image out of your head. Which is why I need No. No, it isn't. Because you will never completely get it out of your head. Tess. Yes, Tess. And my image isn't made up and it wasn't of two people kissing. But I got over it without getting rid of it, because forgiveness doesn't work that way. You knew how I felt about him. You knew what it would do to me and you did it anyway. And I told you, I made a mistake. What do you want from me, Rachel? I want you to decide if you love me more than you hate what I did. And if you don't, then I want you to tell me that it's over. And if you do, then I want you to come home. Afternoon, Sean. You're in a good mood for a man who keeps getting his ass kicked. Well, at a certain point you get tired of fighting. Well, I wouldn't know. But after this we can grab a beer and you can tell me what it's like to be a loser. Your Honor? Mr. Specter, you better be here to hand over your client's files. I'm here to do more than that. We're handing over all of the files in the Gillis Industries takeover, but I want the court to catalogue every piece of paper in there, so Sean doesn't find one that was never there in the first place. Isn't this what you were arguing against from day one? We changed our minds, because we have nothing to hide. No, no, this is a ploy. He's trying to get me on record stating that we have everything and if I find nothing, he's going to file malicious prosecution charges. Actually, Sean, I'm filing those charges right now. And when you don't find anything in the contents of everything you've ever asked for, this bullshit search becomes exhibit A. Your Honor, he has no basis to file that action. I can't stop the man from giving you exactly what you were in here asking me for two days ago. Now are you going to proceed under threat of malicious prosecution or not? What's the matter, Sean? Afraid you won't find anything? Just give me the files. You wanted to see me? I wanted to give credit where credit is due. Cahill went for it? Yes. And when he finds nothing, we'll be done with him. Good job. Thank you. And thank you for taking me back. Especially since I know you didn't want to. Would you have wanted to if you were me? I did just come up with that fix. A fix for Cahill coming after you for colluding with Harvey. A problem I never would have had if I'd never met you. Why did you call me down here? I want to know why the hell you came back. It's funny, if you'd asked me that this morning, I would have said it's because I had no place else to go. I didn't ask you this morning. I'm asking you now. Then it doesn't matter why I came back. What matters is that I'm staying, because this is where I belong. Hey, just the person I was looking for. You heard? I heard that I just booked a plane ticket to Boston to surprise Sheila, and I need you to cover the McBain hearing tomorrow. Louis, the McBain hearing is the least of our worries. What do you mean? Harvey went to court this morning and agreed to hand over every single document on the Gillis takeover. Including Forstman. What? Why would he Because he thinks we have nothing to hide. Shit. Then it's only a matter of time before I'm marched out of here in handcuffs. I'm not going to let it come to that. Oh, how the hell are you going to stop it? By replacing one document with another. I am not framing Harvey. This isn't framing Harvey. It's freeing you. What are you talking about? This makes it look like Forstman's payment never went to any offshore accounts, and that you never took a piece of it. But that's forgery. Which is less of a crime than what you did. I didn't ask you to do this. Then don't use it. But you're the one who said that if we give them those files it's only a matter of time. Louis, Cahill's looking for dirt on Harvey and Mike, not you and Forstman. He won't even give this a second glance. But if he does, it puts Harvey in jeopardy and I might as well frame him, just like Forstman wanted me to. Then you have a decision to make, because they're turning everything over first thing tomorrow. Louis, is everything okay? Everything's Everything's fine, Mike. Donna. What can I do for you, Harvey? Everything taken care of for the file transfer tomorrow? It was taken care of 20 minutes before you asked for it. Great. Here's Howard, Miller and Klein. I'd like to get a jump on these right now. Oh, it's late, Harvey. We've had a long day. Maybe we can just Come on, we can order from that shitty Thai place you love. Knock this out in two hours. Is that an order or a request? What are you I have a date tonight, Harvey. So unless you think we're going to lose Howard, Miller or Klein, I'm leaving. Have a good night. Thanks, Harvey. Don't forget to use protection. Stop right there. Oh, so when I go out with someone, you can give me all the shit in the world but when you do? Yeah. That's exactly how it works. Get used to it. What's wrong with you? You look like you just saw a ghost. I feel like I did. I think we have a problem. What do you mean? We just took step number one to finally putting this Cahill bullshit behind us. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I don't think it is behind us. What? I don't know what Louis did, but I think he did something wrong. What are you talking about? When he came to me yesterday, he was chomping at the bit to help fight Cahill. That's Louis. He'd take a bullet for this firm. You know that. Then why did he immediately change his tune after I told him that Logan was only releasing our communications? He seemed relieved? He seemed ecstatic. And before that, he was pissed that I was working on your stuff, until he found out it was to fight Cahill. What exactly are you thinking he might have done? I don't know exactly. But, I think he cut some sort of deal with Forstman. He did cut a deal with Forstman. I'm talking about an illegal deal. Mike, I know Forstman's a snake, but this is Louis you're talking about. Yeah, I know. But you weren't there when he made me that offer. I'd never seen him like that. He was desperate to keep me from working for that man. Mike And on top of that, I found out what he gave up to get me back here. Sheila. But why would he care about us handing over everything if he didn't care about the communication just between us? Because if he did make a dirty deal with Forstman, it wouldn't have been in those documents, it would have been in the other documents. The documents we just told the court we're happy to turn over. What are you going to do? I'm going to find out what the hell Louis did. Go home, Mike. There's nothing you can do tonight. This is a song about somebody else So don't worry yourself, worry yourself The devil's right there, right there in the details And you don't wanna hurt yourself, hurt yourself By looking too closely By looking too closely No, no, no, no Put your arms around somebody else And don't punish yourself, punish yourself The truth is like blood underneath your fingernails You don't wanna hurt yourself, hurt yourself By looking too closely By looking too closely No, no, no, no No, no, no, no No, no, no, no I made a huge mistake. And I could be wrong about anybody else So don't kid yourself, kid yourself By looking too close Mmm, mmm, mmm   "
