"x"
"



                			I just wanted to tell you that I appreciate you patching things up with him. I would do anything for the woman that I love. They are gonna come at us any way they can, and when they do, it's not gonna be about heat sensors. It's gonna be about you. I know I'm not the only guy in that company that knows those sensors are faulty. I'm sorry. What is it you need again? All the maintenance work orders from the past six months. I can't let you have that without authorization. Have you heard of the National Transportation Safety Board? That's your secretary unlawfully gathering evidence, which means there will be no settlement of any kind. And tomorrow, I'm sending this to the district attorney. Your whole story about how Louis got his name on the door is bullshit! No, Jeff It's over, Jessica. We're done. I can't believe you actually got them to admit what they did. You better believe it because it's happening, and it wouldn't be happening without you. You mean without me being greedy. Joe, that's not what I was going to say. No, no. I know you don't think I care about these people, but I do. But I'm also a working stiff. I go paycheck to paycheck for my whole life, and then a thing like this Could turn your whole life around. Guy like you might not be able to understand that. I understand. So, it's a done deal. Might take a few days to finalize, but yeah. It's happening. You have my word. You're all right, Mr. Ross. Harvey, you know, the only times you've been here at night were the God-awful dinner party And the other time. Well, this isn't that. I want to know why Liberty Rail has a video of you in their file room. What are you talking about? I'm talking about the fact that our smoking gun just became inadmissible. Harvey. How did you get those documents? Are you asking if I did something illegal? Because I didn't. Well, they went to the DA, which means they think you did. So, I'm going to ask you one more time. How did you get in their file room? By walking through the door they buzzed open. And why would they do that? Because I'm me. What the hell does that mean? It means that I led the woman to believe that I was an official from Washington. Led them to believe it or flat out told them? Because one kills our case and the other puts you in a world of shit! Harvey, I'm not an idiot and I don't appreciate being treated like one. I told you I didn't do anything illegal and I didn't. Not an idiot? What the hell were you doing there in the first place? Harvey It was Mike's idea, wasn't it? No, he didn't even know about it. Where are you going? To see Mike. I told you, he didn't even know I was going to do it. I don't care because he sure as hell knew after. Let's go. I am so proud of you. I've done that before. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about your case. Ah. You believed in it and you fought for it. And I I love that about you. And I love that you love that about me. When a person gives you a compliment like that Oh? You're supposed to give one back. Uh, I just did. I said that I love that you love that about me. And what if I said I love that you love that I love that about you? How would that make you feel? So tired. Well, we both know why you're so tired. Yeah. Because I'm so good. Don't you love that about me? Mmm. You knew Donna bullshitted her way into that company and you let us use those work orders? How did you find out? It doesn't matter how I found out. Answer my question. Yes, I knew. But what difference does it make? We won. We didn't win because Evan Smith has video of Donna in their offices. What? She know about this, too? Harvey, she's just trying to strong-arm us Are you listening to me? They have the opposing counsel's secretary poking around in their goddamn file room. If I were the DA, I'd sure as hell look into it. The DA? Yeah, the DA. Harvey, they let her in. According to you, but they're going to claim fraud or theft or any number of things. What are you going to do? I'm making a deal to drop this case, that's what I'm going to do. And you're going to file the paperwork as soon as I do. So, you're just going to let this woman blackmail you without a fight? You're damn right I am. Harvey, we can still win this case and clear her name There is no case. And I wouldn't give a shit about it if there was. I care about Donna. And you think I don't? If you care so much for her, then draw up those papers. Because I'm letting Evan know it's over. See the money, wanna stay for your meal Get another piece of pie for your wife Everybody wanna know how it feel Everybody wanna see what it's like I'll even eat a bean pie I don't mind Me and missy is so early Busy, busy making money All right! All step back I'm 'bout to dance The greenback boogie What are you doing here? We have a situation. Is the fate of the firm hanging in the balance? No, it's Then, I don't give a shit. You told Malone, didn't you? I didn't get a chance to tell him. Because he had already figured out that I'd been to lying to him this whole time. I'm sorry. Oh. You're sorry. This morning, I thought I was going away with him for two weeks. Now, I don't know if I'm ever going to see him again. He quit? He didn't get around to giving me his career plans. Do you want me to talk to him for you? No. This is my mess. And I will take care of it myself. You can take care of it tomorrow. Right now, I'm making you a drink. ""Zip-a-dee-doo-dah"" or ""Grab My Sack""? What? Messenger service. Which one do we use? Uh You know what? Use whoever you want, just take care of it. Louis, don't you have your own secretary? Oh. You mean Norma, who I can't find anywhere? Who's probably taking the day off again? I mean, last year, she tried to get Arbor Day off and I told her to blow a goddamn tree and get her ass in here. You know what, Louis? Norma's taken four days off in the last 36 years. Why don't you back the hell off of her? What the hell is the matter with you? You usually jump on the Norma-bashing train like a hobo in a I'm sorry. I just What? I bullshitted my way into Liberty Rail to get some documents. They caught me on video and now they're threatening to press charges. You're not saying anything. It's nothing. It's fine. Then, why did you look so concerned? Well, I was concerned, but they're threatening charges, which means they want something. And I know Harvey, and whatever it is they want, he'll find a way to give it to them. Okay. Thanks, Louis. I'll take care of your stuff. No, no. You have enough on your mind. I'll take care of it myself. Mr. Specter. Don't tell me, you're here to talk about Ms. Paulsen. I'm here to tell you you've made your point. And what point is that? If you drop any charges against Donna, we'll drop the lawsuit against you. Well, that's not a very even trade. I'm giving your client a chance to get away with murder. Last I checked, my client wasn't being charged with murder. And I don't need you to drop your suit because you have no case. No case? Your client put a faulty train on those tracks, people died, and they knew it could happen the whole time. And you have no proof. And where I come from, you cut a deal with me to make sure I stop looking. Then, I guess we come from different places because I didn't give that video to the district attorney to leverage you into a deal. I did it to blow you out of the water. This is a person's life. Maybe you should have thought of that before you sent her to rob my client. Evan, I care about this woman. Look, I understand. She's probably worked for you for a long time. Maybe you sleep together once in a while. But my job is to defend my client to the best of my abilities. And that's exactly what I'm going to do. Holy shit. You can't possibly have a check already. I don't have a check, Joe. We have to drop the case. What the hell are you talking about? We had drinks last night. Yeah. We also had proof last night and now we don't. Why not? It's complicated. You know, it's a lot of legal rigmarole. Hey, don't talk down to me. I'm not talking down to you, but I'm also not going to stand here and explain civil procedure. Maybe I don't understand civil procedure, but I know enough to understand when something doesn't add up. We got the evidence the wrong way. Well, get it the right way. Subpoena it or something. I I can't. What do you mean, you can't? That money was going to change my life. And if you want to go to a different law firm, I understand. You know as well as I do, nobody else is going to take this case. You told me you cared about these people. You gave me your word. Yeah, and I wish I could keep it! I want those bastards as much as you want this money, but I've got no proof and you're not a credible witness. Oh, that bullshit again? That's not bullshit. If you had been straight with me from day one, we wouldn't even be in this mess. How much did they give you to dump the case? It had to be something. Otherwise, you wouldn't sell me out. I'm sorry, Joe. It's over. You're sorry? Jessica. Do you need something? I came by earlier, and you weren't in. I had a meeting. And I really didn't think you wanted to be looped in on my schedule. I don't. And I'm not checking up on you, I just didn't know if you were coming in. You mean you weren't sure if I was ever coming in again. You wouldn't be the first person to leave a job for personal reasons. It sounds to me like you have an agenda. I don't. Well, that's a first. Are you saying that I came here to push you out? I'm saying that I've never known you not to know what you want. What I want is to talk about us, but you don't seem to want do that. So, I'm focusing on this. I'm not resigning my senior partnership the day after what happened, happened, if that's what you're asking. I'm asking if you plan to resign it at all. And I can't tell you that right now because I don't know. Well, when will you know? Look, Jessica, you're the Managing Partner. So, if you want to push me out, push me out. But if you're asking me what I want to do, I'm telling you that I haven't decided. How did it go? Never mind how it went. Where's Mike? Did he file those papers? I don't know. He's not even in yet. Well, you tell him not to file anything. And you tell him to do whatever he has to, to stick it to that woman. Why? Because it didn't work. What didn't work? I tried to make a deal with Evan to trade the case. You mean you offered to drop the case in exchange for me. Yes. And now, what are we going to do? You're not going to do anything. I'm going to do whatever I have to, to get Terrence Wolf to back off. Harvey, there's no way the DA handles a case like this himself just because I work for you. Whether he handles it himself or not doesn't matter because this case won't even exist in another hour. How did it go? I just told a man everything I promised him was bullshit. How do you think it went? Mike, I'm sorry. You should have seen his face. That money was going to change his life. And I dangled it in front of him and ripped it away. Yeah, but it's not your fault. You did everything you could. He accused me of selling out. You know you didn't do that. Didn't I? We gave up because Of me? That's not what I was going to say. Yeah, it was. No, I was going to say because of Harvey. What are you talking about? Harvey never wanted to take this case, so he put a clock on it to get me to drop it. That's why we're where we are right now. Listen to me. Harvey is out there right now busting his ass to fix everything. No, Donna. He doesn't give a shit about this case and he never did. Then, why did he send me here to tell you to do everything you can to stick it to Evan Smith? She didn't take the deal, did she? No, she didn't. Donna, I'm sorry. I didn't realize that you were still On the hot seat? Like I said, Harvey's busting his ass to fix it. Which means he's going to fix it. Now, finish what we started, and figure out a way to win this case. Harvey Specter. I was wondering when you'd show up. Funny, I was wondering why you never sent me a Christmas card. You don't seem the least bit worried about the pending charges against your secretary. I'm not because she did nothing wrong. Well, you know what I think? I think you wouldn't be here if she did nothing wrong. Listen to me. She didn't steal anything. She got those documents by convincing them to let her in and that is not a crime. And the last time you were in my office, you told me you hadn't committed a crime to get the job done. After I told you, you had an innocent man and all you cared about was procedure. All I cared about was the law. Well, if you're so concerned with people breaking the law, why don't you take a look at those documents? Because they prove Liberty Rail actually committed a crime. Unlike Donna, whose only crime is working for me. I'm not investigating her for working for you, I'm investigating her for felony fraud. What the hell are you talking about? The woman that let her in swears your secretary told her she was with the National Transportation Safety Board. That's a federal agency. Which makes what she did not a trick. It makes it felony fraud. My office now. Close the door. Harvey, what happened? What happened is you lied to me. What are you talking about? You told their secretary you were with the NTSB? That's not what I said. Bullshit! I know when I've been lied to. Come clean right now. Uh Right the hell now! I never said I was with them. I said, ""Have you ever heard of ""the National Transportation Safety Board?"" How is that any different? I'm sorry. I You're sorry? Harvey, I swear, I didn't know that, that made it a crime. You knew when I point blank asked you, and you lied to me about it. Well, I thought that you would take care of it. I How can I take care of it if you don't tell me the goddamn truth? Do you think that I didn't want to tell you the truth? Then, why didn't you? Because I was ashamed! I know that it sounds stupid. But you and Mike and everyone pull these rabbits out of your hats all the time. And I just sit outside and I answer the phones. And then, I got those documents and people said I saved the day. And the next thing I knew, you were on my doorstep coming at me like I was some sort of criminal. And I panicked, and I lied. Donna. I'm sorry, Harvey. I know you are, but this just got for me to get out of. You mean for you to get me out of. Donna, you of all people should understand by now that to me, they're the same thing. What are you doing here? I went to see you at work. They said you called in sick. I said what are you doing here? I wanted to tell you the good news. We're not dropping your case after all. Good for you. Hey, Joe, I know you've been jerked around, but things are going to change. Going to change? Really? I thought you said you got the evidence in the wrong way. Well And you said we should get it in the right way, so that's exactly what we're going to do. Like I said, good for you. But you're not going to do it with me. Joe, I can't subpoena those records without a legitimate client. I have no basis and no standing to move forward if I did. But now you have time to explain ""procedure"" to me, right? Okay. Fine. I deserved that. But, Joe, this case cannot move forward without you. You should have thought of that before you cut me loose. They got to you, didn't they? They gave you a few dollars to shut you up. And then, they sealed the agreement with no admission of guilt. You know what? I can't comment on that and you know why. But let's get one thing straight. They didn't shut me up, you did. And if I took anything, it was because I had no other choice. Joe, listen to me. If the check hasn't cleared, we can still get out of it. Don't come by here anymore. So much for really caring about those people. Go to hell. I thought nobody puts Baby in the corner. Since when am I Baby? Since you're sitting in the corner. You're usually a power table kind of girl. Well, I'm not tonight. Jessica, what's going on? It's over between me and Jeff. What? What happened? It's not important. One day, the man's calling me about taking you to Paris, and the next it's over, and the reason for all that isn't important? No, it isn't. Because right now, I have to decide whether he should stay at the firm. Well, then, I'd say the reason that you broke up is important. And I don't want to get into it right now because it's not going to change. Wow. Heard that before. Leah, I'm not like Dad and I'm tired of hearing it. I know you always say you're not like him. But here you are, scrubbing up for the next surgery instead of fighting for the man that you love. You know what? Most sisters would say ""I'm sorry, Jessica,"" then give me a hug. Jessica, I am sorry that you're hurting. And if you want something sugar-coated, I'll order you dessert. But that is not how we show support. You're right. We show it by telling each other what we think. So And what I think is, two days ago, this man loved you. So, unless you cheated on him, stole from him, or killed somebody, it seems to me the two of you should be able to get past whatever it is you did do. Joe Henderson backed out. Harvey. Did you hear me? They paid him off. We have no case anymore. And right now, I have a bigger problem. Donna lied. What do you mean, she lied? I mean, she didn't just bullshit her way into that file room, she used the words ""National Transportation Safety Board."" In what context? In the context of committing a crime to help you. Are you accusing me of knowing that she did that? If you didn't know, it's because you didn't want to know. Harvey, she told me she didn't steal those things. I believed her the same way you did. And you lied just like she did I did not lie. Then how come when I asked you where those documents came from, you didn't say one word about Donna? Because you wouldn't have listened to another word I said after that, and I was trying to get the job done. Well, you got the job done by risking her. And how is that different than all the times you risked me? Because she's different. Harvey. I swear I didn't know. Well, like I said, right now, I've got a bigger problem. Donna's going to be charged with felony fraud and she's guilty. Five elements. What? Proving fraud consists of five elements. Yeah, I'm aware of that. And they have all of them. What about injury? How did Donna injure Liberty Rail? You know how. I know. And you know. But Evan Smith isn't going to sit in front of a jury and explain why those documents have value without exposing her client to criminal charges. And without damages, what Donna did is trespassing at the worst. What do you want me to do? I want you to stay on the civil case. Harvey, the lawsuit's dead. We don't have a plaintiff. Then get another one. Because I'm not letting this woman get away with a goddamn thing. All right. I'm paying you the courtesy of a meeting. What's on your mind? Well, based on his reputation, I would say that he's going to try to weasel his way out of this. What I'm going to do is save Mr. Wolf from being embarrassed in open court. And I'm sure there's no side benefit to you in the process. You do know you're going to have to put Ms. Smith on the stand, right? So do you. That's why you had her come down here. And did she tell you what Donna actually took? You told me what Donna took. And I also told you that it proves they committed a crime. But she can't say that, which means all Donna stole was a meaningless stack of papers. And without actual damages I know the law. Then, you know you've got a shitty witness. Well? I can't get into the details of those documents, but that doesn't mean that they don't have value. Of course they have value, they save your ass. They're confidential. They have trade secrets. The only secret that is in there is that your trains kill people. All right, enough. Ms. Smith, if you can't show damages, I have no case. You don't need damages. You have intent. And if you really knew my reputation, you'd also know that I used to work here. And I can tell you they've never gone after anyone for intent in the history of the DA's office. And they're not going to start now. It was good doing business with you, Evan. Hey. Hey. How are things? You mean the things that you said that Harvey would take care of? Yes, those are exactly the things I mean. Well, those are exactly the things that Harvey just took care of. He did? He did. Louis? What's wrong? Nothing is wrong. It's just, I know it wasn't going to happen. But when you first told me they might press charges, the thought of you behind bars Oh, come on. It just would have been some cushy white-collar resort. I could have finally gotten my yoga certification It wouldn't have been. But it doesn't matter because I was right. Harvey did whatever it took. Thanks, Louis. God, he doesn't even know how lucky he is to have you. Norma's still out, isn't she? Her goddamn sister tripped and fell in the tub and she went to help. It's like she doesn't even care about me at all. I know you don't work in maintenance, but you do have access to accounts payable. So, if you could Look Nope. Hey, please, just hear me. Goddamn it. Another one wouldn't take your call? No. None of them will. I've been through this entire directory. As soon as I use the words ""crash,"" ""heat,"" or ""sensors,"" they all stop talking. Mike, people died. Somebody's got to want to do the right thing. Well, if somebody does, I can't find them. Okay. What about the victims' families? Oh, you mean the original plaintiffs? Mmm-hmm. Yeah. The problem is, they already have a settlement. Go on. Look at it. They weren't stupid. It prevents them from ever going after them again. Mike, I'm just trying to help you. I know you are. I'm sorry. I'm just frustrated. If I can't find a new plaintiff, I can't keep this case alive. Wait a second. You said no one at the company will talk to you. They won't because they're all afraid they'll lose their job. Right. So, what about someone who has nothing left to lose? What are you talking about? I'm talking about him. So, I rescheduled the meeting that you missed with Latham for three o'clock tomorrow. Here are the newest contracts. Also, Kathy Finn called about the takeover, so I sent her the latest specs and I told her to sit tight. And I noticed the left pen on your desk set was out of ink, so I had the cartridge replaced. You could have done all of this while I was out of the office. I know. But then, I wouldn't have had a chance to thank you. Donna. Thank you, Harvey. You're welcome. Ms. Paulsen. Mr. Specter. Terrence, you better be here to give Donna a formal apology from the DA's Office. No. I'm here to give her lawyer this. Harvey, what is that? Donna, leave the room. You can tell her to leave. Don't forget to tell her, her arraignment's at 9:00 a.m. Tomorrow morning. Arraignment for what? You son of a bitch. You amended the charges to intent? You said it's never been done in the history of the DA's office. I decided to make history. By going after someone for stealing nothing. She went in there to find the Hope Diamond. Just because she came out with a piece of glass doesn't mean it wasn't fraud. That's exactly what it means. Every time I run into you, you tell me whatever shady thing just went down was about the greater good or that it didn't happen, or this, that, or the other. But a crime was committed here and I'm going after her for it. Bullshit, you're going after me. Oh, you're telling me you didn't order her to do it? No, I didn't. Well, we'll find out. When she's about to be convicted and I offer her a deal. What happens now? What happens now is we go in there tomorrow and enter a plea of not guilty. But I am guilty. Donna, intent to commit fraud is a bullshit charge and he's just using it to try to scare you. Well, it's working. I'm scared. Donna. What's the punishment? It doesn't matter, because I'm going to get you out of it. Harvey, what's the punishment? Three-to-five years. Oh, my God. Three-to-five years for what? Not now, Louis. I just saw Terrence Wolf at the elevator. Three-to-five years for what? He's charging her with intent to commit fraud. Holy shit. Louis, I don't want to hear it. Well, you're going to because you were supposed to get her out of this. This isn't helping. What the hell do you think I've been doing? I don't know. But whatever it is, it didn't do a thing. You have no idea what you're talking about. I told her that you were never going to let her get in trouble. It's not so simple. What the hell isn't so simple? She's guilty! Wolf's trying to use her to turn on me because he thinks I put her up to it. Did you? Harvey didn't even know I did it. You know what? It doesn't even matter. Because I'm taking over. No, you're not. He's trying to get her to turn on you. You cannot be her lawyer. She's not going to, so what difference does it make? The difference is, if you're out of the picture, Wolf backs down. From where he's standing, I'm in the picture and he's never going to back down. You don't know that and this is Donna's life. And I'm not putting it in your hands. And it's not your decision to make. No, it's not. It's Donna's. And she's sticking with me. Louis, please. I, I know that you want to help, but just go. Mr. Jaworski. Yeah? My name's Mike Ross. I'm with Pearson Specter Litt. This is Rachel Zane. She's one of our associates. Sir, we'd like to speak with you about the accident. Look, I was already deposed for that lawsuit. The victims got paid. I said everything I had to say. Okay? We're not here to come after you. We want you to sue Liberty Rail. Oh, yeah? And why would I sue them? Because while you might have been driving the train, that accident wasn't your fault. Is this some kind of a joke? No, sir, it isn't. They made you the fall guy. Bullshit. Why would they do that? Because they needed to blame someone, and not only were you at the wheel, you had no memory of what happened. No, I I don't believe it. They're a good company. They They wouldn't do this. Mr. Jaworski. Look, I killed those people. And they still gave me early retirement and let me keep my pension. The reason they did that was to keep you quiet. I need you to get off my property. Both of you. Sir, you know that we're telling the truth. Yeah, well, is the truth going to support the family of a guy who can't get another job for the rest of his life? If we win, you'll be set up for life. Oh, take a look at me. I ain't the guy who wins. I'm the guy who loses. And what if I could guarantee to take care of all of that no matter what happens? What would you need me to do? All rise. You okay? Mmm-hmm. Am I going to have to talk? Just be polite and say ""Your Honor."" It will be over before you know it. State v. Donna Paulsen. Is the defense counsel prepared to proceed with the arraignment? We are, Your Honor. Ms. Paulsen, you have been charged with felony intent to commit fraud. This carries a maximum sentence of up to five years in prison. Do you understand the charges against you today? Yes, Your Honor. How do you plead? Not guilty, Your Honor. Very well. Mr. Wolf, is the state ready to go to the trial? We are, Your Honor. Trial is set to begin Monday. Next case. All right, you've made your point. Let's plead this down to a misdemeanor and both go back to our real jobs. This is my real job. Maybe if you had more respect for what it stands for, you wouldn't be standing here. Listen. I'm going to wipe that look off your smug face. Go ahead and try, Harvey. But I've got all the evidence I need. You're going to have to go find yourself a new secretary. I see you're back to not knocking. I take it that means you've made up your mind. I have. And what I've decided is that you shut the door on me the other night. And it's not fair for you to dictate what I do and don't get to say. I told you. It doesn't matter what you have to say because whatever it is, I won't believe it. Well, what if I was here to tell you that I love you? Jessica, you lied to me for months. Jeff, please, just listen. I know I hurt you. But you were the one who wanted us to work together and be in a relationship. And you were the one who thought it was a mistake. Because I was scared. But I changed my mind because you refused to give up. And now, I'm refusing to give up. I want you to stay here. I want us to have both. Jessica You wanted me to let my walls down. Well, they're down. I don't dare to make a move Too much at risk, too much to lose This love is overtaking me Donna, why don't you go home? You know I like to be alone when I'm getting ready for a trial. I need to talk to you. What is it? I think maybe Louis was right. You think Louis was right about what? Maybe he should be handling my case. Okay. Well, if that's how you feel I knew it. I knew you would take this as an insult. How exactly would you like me to take it? I would like you take it seriously and talk about it with me. Okay, Donna. Why exactly would you prefer Louis to handle this? Because I sat in that arraignment today and it hit me for the first time that I might actually go to prison. And you were more concerned with attacking Terrence Wolf than you were with me. So, you think Louis is right. I piss off the DA too much. Well, you sure did today. Because he's coming at us. And you're pouring gas on the fire. Because that's what I do. And I don't need you coming in here second guessing how I do my job. Harvey, why are you attacking me? I'm not the enemy. You sure as hell are right now. What? Why am I the Because I'm getting ready for a fight and you're telling me you don't think I can win. I'm not telling you that. I'm telling you that I'm petrified. And I understand. But I don't have time to comfort you. Well, I need you to make time. And I can't because Harvey, this is my life! When I told Louis how you got me out of this thing, he told me how scared he was at the thought of me going to prison. And I just need you to Donna, the thought of you going to prison makes me want to drop to my knees. You want to hear me say it? There it is. But that's not going to happen because I'm not going to let it happen. But in order to do that, you need to let me do what I do. Harvey. That's enough If you want someone to give you a hug, go to Louis. You want someone to get you out of this thing, you need to leave me alone. I need to know everything you have and I need to know right now. We got the conductor to sign on, but we have to give him I don't care what I have to give him. What does that give us? What do you mean? It gives us standing. Now we can subpoena those records. Well, that's not enough. It's a start. I don't need a start. I need a finish, and I need it now. They're charging Donna, aren't they? She was arraigned this morning. If this thing goes to trial, I can't guarantee a win. So, we're back to trading the case for Donna. Yeah, and I don't want to hear your moral objections about those people getting away with murder. I'm not talking about that, Harvey. But if Donna was arraigned, it's not up to them to drop the charges. It's up to Wolf, and you know he's never going to do that. I'm not talking about dropping the charges. I'm talking about making this whole damn thing go away. Harvey, if you're saying what I think you're saying, that's obstruction ofjustice. The way I see it, it's justice. You know what I mean. I do and I don't give a shit. This is Donna. All right, I get it. But what if what I have isn't enough? Like you said, it's a start. Have an official complaint on my desk by the morning. What are you going to do? I'm going to get us enough. All right. I hear you, I hear you. Do you know who I am? No. Mike Ross works for me. Hey, I don't give a shit. I told him not to take your case in the first place because I knew you were a goddamn shakedown artist. But now, someone I care about is in trouble because you took a payout. Get out of my face. Listen to me. If you don't do what we need you to do, I will hurt you. You'd better be prepared to kill me because I'm not going to give that money back. Well, if this is just about money, then We don't need to fight at all. Harvey. This is becoming a habit. I've seen you more than my last three boyfriends. Somehow, that doesn't surprise me. You're funny. I like you. But I know you're not here to mock my relationships, so what's on your mind? We wanted to give you this. What's this? It's the lawsuit we filed on behalf of Michael Jaworski. You know, the man you let take the fall for the accident. - Michael Jaworski can't sue - What? Sue you because you were smart enough to take care of his expenses? Well, now I'm taking care of his expenses. And now, we have standing and we are going to subpoena those documents. Am I supposed to start quaking in my boots? Nope. We know if you can doctor a report, you can alter those maintenance records. I didn't alter anything. Well, that's not what Joe Henderson said. He said you came to him, admitted everything, and offered him a settlement to keep quiet. We didn't admit anything and that settlement is sealed. Oh, you mean this settlement? We had an agreement. Well, here's the thing about paying people off, Evan. Someone can always pay them more. His word won't hold up against Richard Mclntyre's. Oh, he's not saying that Richard Mclntyre put him up to it. He's saying you did. That's bullshit. And does that really matter? What do you want? You made the author of that report disappear. You made Joe Henderson disappear. Figure out a way to make the witness against Donna change her tune. That's obstruction of justice. That's not my problem. You son of a bitch. It's your call. Maybe people will believe Joe, maybe they won't. But instead of making money, you're going to be defending yourself in court for the next five years. You're so sure we did this, you're really going to let us get away with ""murder"" for your secretary? You're damn right I am. And if I had to do it again, I'd do it 100 times. What's that? You know what it is. Jeff Jessica, you were right. We either need to have both or it's not going to work. And you don't want both. Effectively immediately, I'm tendering my resignation. Then, I wish you luck. Good luck, Jessica. Do you remember?  Yes. Of course I remember, it happened right there. Well, it was your fault because you made me burst out laughing. You didn't just burst, you spat a piece of shrimp across the room and into the back of my mother's hair. And she didn't even feel it because of all the hairspray. It was stuck in there like a tick. Oh, my God. I could hardly look at her or that boyfriend for the next two hours. What was his name again? Who cares? He was such a loser. Come on. He was the reason you had that God-awful party in the first place. Thank you, Harvey. You don't need to thank me. You already thanked me. No. I thanked you for fixing it. Now, I'm thanking you for not bringing it up all night. I just figured if you wanted it brought up, you'd bring it up. And now you have, so, um I told you I'd never let anything happen to you, and I won't ever. So, you don't ever have to feel scared like that again. I thought you said you didn't do the comfort thing. I didn't say I didn't do it. I said I didn't have time because I was so busy saving your ass. I'm sorry I doubted you. I'm sorry I snapped at you. If anyone else ever loses faith in me, it doesn't matter. But with you, it's different. I see nothing I should go. Why? You know why. You know I love you, Donna. Fade into you Strange you never knew I think it's strange you never knew   "
