"x"
"



                			(HARVEY READING) Katrina Bennett. She comes in, she takes over, she acts like everything was her idea. This wasn't about a job for me. It was about having a life. But I guess you wouldn't understand that. So, you're going to punish me by giving me to Louis? Because you and I are done. You make me want to be a better man. I can't let you do this. I regret where we are. And I've been trying to get us back to where we were. You're suggesting bribing a man to get you out of your bribery charge. In for a penny, in for a pound. Mother always said. Ava Hessington doesn't plead no contest. She pleads guilty. And you get to call it a win. I can beat you, and I did. You put me in that position again, and I'll do whatever I have to do to win. Are you saying, ""Screw this deal, let's kick his ass""? I'm saying take the deal. We already did. I win, you back me for managing partner. You want to take down Jessica. I do. (SIGHS) What time are you coming over? Um I thought we were doing my place. No, because whenever I'm at your place, all I can see is Tess in a bed sheet. I'll be there at 9:00. Bran bars are forbidden to first-years. Since when? Since two seconds ago. Order of the quartermaster. Who is no longer speaking with you. Rachel? Hmm? Can you please instruct the associate to your right to pass the non-dairy creamer? Louis, as I have been trying to tell you in person and in the note I left, and in your voicemail, I'm sorry. Do you know what non-dairy creamer is, Rachel? Uh It's a metaphor. At first sip, you think it's real. You know, after all, it wants you to believe that it's genuine, it's good and it's gonna deliver on its promise. But then, with time, you realize that it's just a concoction of chemicals that's designed to disguise the truth that it's actually full of shit. Then why are you drinking it? I'm lactose intolerant. I don't accept. Don't accept what? Whatever bullshit apology you're here to give me. You gave me your word. And the second you found out that Mike was actually gonna say yes, you couldn't stand it and you sold me out. I'm not here to give you an apology. I'm here to give you a case. Those are the Hessington Oil files. Yeah, you know what, Harvey? I don't want your sloppy seconds. That takeover attempt's going to be dead in the water the second that Ava Hessington's settlement goes public. Tony Gianopolous isn't going to just sell his shares and go away. No, you're right. You know what he's gonna do? He's gonna leverage his position and he's gonna get as much greenmail as he can. Which is exactly why I'm here. You're better suited to beat him back than I am. You think I don't know that? I know you know it. I want you to know I know it. Leave the box. Louis, have you given any thought to a rebound associate? Harvey, come on. You know I'm not that kind of guy. Come on. You have him file a few interrogatories, maybe pick up your dry cleaning, and then you cut him loose. With no strings attached? Better men than you have done it. No. Yep. Who? Baird? A week-long fling I ended six days too late. Yeah, but, Harvey, I don't just want a superficial relationship, you know, I want a true mentee. Someone I can take to the gun club or mudding or to the origami festival. Louis. You're gonna find the right one. (SOFTLY) Origami festival? Oh, my God. (SINGING) Express yourself Respect yourself Well, this is a surprise. What? I just never thought I'd see the great Harriet Specter making her own copies. Is that what this thing does? You've never made a copy in your life before, have you? Of course not. I'm too busy being a bad-ass. And worrying about my hair. And your brilliant associate, Michelle Ross, does all the hard work for you, anyway. You're goddamn right she does. I'm really sorry for what I said about having a life. I know. So, we're good? We're good. And you and Mike? You're good? Do you really think that Harvey had an emotional epiphany on his own? So you did forgive him. Yes. Well, he doesn't know that. Which is why I have a triple-whip, double-fat, extra-shot mocha latte, with caramel. Fair enough. But maybe it's time you told him. HARVEY: So you decided not to go back to London? Well, we have some unfinished business to discuss, and I thought it best to do it in person. The takeover attempt. Tony Gianopolous. Well, I've assigned it to another attorney, but before you express any concern, he's excellent. Well, not only do I not have concerns, I'm glad you've handed it off. And why is that? Because that way, I know you'll trust the man you're overseeing when you come and work for me. I have to say, I'm flattered. I don't want you to be flattered. I want you to say yes. As much success as I've had with that line myself, I'm afraid I'm not an oil man. The oil business is about oil as much as you being a lawyer is about the law. Every day is a knife fight in a prison yard. And something tells me you like a good knife fight. No rules in a knife fight. Harvey, I've just lost my number two. I can't think of anyone better to replace him. Ava I'm a woman who gets what I want. And I am willing to pay for it. Don't get me wrong. I'm happy to whore myself out. I just prefer to have more than one client. Harvey, what a coincidence. Cameron, I'm surprised you can afford this place now that you're unemployed again. Well, my temporary gig isn't over just yet. You may think you have them fooled, Cameron, but they'll figure you out eventually. You didn't. What are you talking about? Ava Hessington, you're under arrest. What? On what charge? Conspiracy to commit murder. This is bullshit, Cameron. We had a deal. A deal where your client admitted to bribing a foreign official. That colonel that she paid off? After that, six people were killed by his troops. I give my driver a tip and then he runs over someone. Doesn't mean I had anything to do with it. But if the person he hit was me, it sure would look like that. What the hell are you talking about? All six people did whatever they could to stop your client from getting her pipeline. If that's all you've got, you don't have shit. She did this, Harvey. You don't know her. Yeah, but I know you. You don't give a damn about murder in some foreign country. You took this case to stick it to me. And I did. She admitted that was a bribe because she never thought we would tie her to those deaths. And now I got her. And you didn't see it coming and there's nothing you can do about it. See the money, wanna stay for your meal Get another piece of pie for your wife Everybody wanna know how it feel Everybody wanna see what it's like I'll even eat a bean pie I don't mind Me and missy is so early Busy, busy making money All right! All step back I'm 'bout to dance The greenback boogie What do you need me to do? Whatever you have to to get Ava out, because Cameron's going to try and keep her in. You really think he's gonna try and deny her bail? I know it. Harvey, one thing. Hey, look. If you have a problem defending someone who's accused of murder, I don't want to hear it. You won't. Because I'm willing to do whatever it takes to win, whether she's innocent or not. Then come with me. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm going to see Ava with you? Yep. Yeah, baby! Butch and Sundance are back! Ooh. No go. What do What do What do you mean, ""no go""? I mean you're not Butch or Sundance. Why not? Because Butch was the leader and Sundance was the gunslinger and I'm both. Okay. But Sundance couldn't swim, and Butch never shot anyone. So that makes you a loser. Better than a fraud. I think it's time for some new material. You write Midnight Train to Georgia, you don't just sing it once. And speaking of Butch Cassidy, let's go start a knife fight. Uh, Norma, I just want you, from now on, to just try to wear socks. Because if you If there isn't And what is that? Hessington Oil's earnings per share and market cap growth over the last 11.2 years. Somebody ask you to do this? I didn't do it because somebody asked me to, Louis. I did it because I want in on the case. You know, you realize something like this would entail working hand-in-glove and possibly even a trip or two to the, uh, mud club. I'm in. And what makes you think you're good enough to be my personal associate? I don't want to be your personal associate. What? I'm a fifth-year. I don't want to be anyone's personal associate. But I know how good you are. You know how good I am. We can use each other. Hmm. Like a symbiotic relationship. Hmm. Like between a phytoplankton and a whale. I'm not familiar with their specific dynamic, but yes, exactly. Well, Katrina, I've kind of had enough of being used by associates looking to move one rung up the ladder. So, I suggest you get the hell out of my office and find yourself another whale. Did you know about these murders? I knew there was a demonstration, it turned ugly, and that people died. Did you know those people were the leaders of the demonstration? No. Did you know the military was responsible? All I know about these deaths is that they happened. On your land. We own thousands of acres. It's a volatile country. People kill each other on a regular basis. So, you just chalk it up to coincidence that the six leaders of this demonstration against your company's policies on your company's private property were murdered. It was reported as a combat incident, not a murder. You just said all you know about these deaths is that they happened. Now you know it was a combat incident. Which one is it? Harvey, what the hell is this? And who the hell does he think he is? Mike's just doing his job. Well, Mike Every death in that country is reported as a combat incident. And for your information, there were thousands of people opposed to our pipeline. HARVEY: That's all we need right now. Would you please excuse us? How exactly did you manage to get your head so far up your own ass? You told me to take this deal, I did, and now here I am. I didn't know about these murders. What you don't seem to believe is, neither did I. We were doing our job. Cameron Dennis will come at you with worse. Do you think I did this? That's irrelevant. I just want to make sure I know all the evidence against you. I have no idea what the evidence is because I had nothing to do with it. And you say it's irrelevant, but it's not irrelevant to me. Do you think I did this? Do you want a lawyer who thinks you're innocent and loses, or a lawyer who doesn't want to know and wins? You know the answer to that. Then don't ask me that question again, because after I win and you're free, what I think won't matter. So, what did she want to talk to you about? She wanted to know if you were single. Listen, when you get back to the office Wait, what do you mean? What do you mean, what do I mean? Well, I mean I mean, I thought we were gonna go back together. I don't know. I thought we could get some lunch or something. Like what? I don't know. Like, maybe a steak or something. It's the middle of the day. Yeah, Harvey, that's when people usually eat lunch. This is about Louis, isn't it? What? No. Maybe. So, I'm supposed to take you mudding now? That's not the point. Look, let's just concentrate on winning this thing. And when it's over, we can talk about lunch, dinner or anything else. Whoa, whoa. You really mean that? No. (LAUGHING) Butch and Sundance are back. (SINGING) Look out, brother, you better take cover Ain't got but one way to conquer you from under They can't get away with it every time Because I've got your back After you watch mine Whoa, yeah What are you doing? Dropping off something for Harvey. You don't have any cases with Harvey. I will when he sees what's in here. (CHUCKLES) No. You're not taking credit for my ideas again. Harvey's gonna know I built this airplane. Harvey's not gonna know anything. You're a little late to the party. He and I are working together again. I'm not looking to take your place. Oh, really? You just happened to prepare a document for him, thinking he didn't have an associate? He's working a case that I'm right for. That's not how it works around here. I handle all of his cases. Does Harvey know that? (SCOFFS) What Harvey knows is that I'm the ""A"" team and you're the ""B"" team. So, you can leave the folder or you can take it with you, but if you're looking to ride some partner's coattails, you're gonna have to look somewhere else. Well, the ""B"" team worked at the DA's office and came up with a defense strategy based on a specific knowledge of Cameron Dennis. The ""A"" team quotes him movies. We'll see who Harvey does and doesn't value. Katrina, Mike is Harvey's guy. When he tells you he's speaking for Harvey, he's speaking for Harvey. And please don't come into this office when I'm away from my desk again. Boy, am I glad I never snuck into Harvey's office when you weren't around before. Thanks, Donna. I still expect free exotic caffeinated beverages for the foreseeable future. Cameron Dennis is a son of a bitch. He played us. Slid that guilty plea right by. I should have seen it coming. We should have seen it coming. I'm the one that convinced you to take that deal. What's done is done. The question is, what's being done? I'm working on getting Ava off these charges, and I've got Mike working on getting her out on bail. So, you're back with him. What's the point of having a right arm without a right hand? Good. Is it? What do you mean? I mean, he threatened you. I've never known you to be forgiving with someone who threatened you. I've never known you to be particularly forgiving, either. Um, sorry. I'll come back. It's okay. We're all good. We're good? When you work with tigers, once in a while, they're gonna take a swipe at you. I like working with tigers. Of course, when they get out of hand, you have to put them down. Now, where are we on the prep for Ava's bail hearing? Well, I was thinking. Since Cameron used the settlement to double-cross us, why don't we use the bail hearing to double-cross him? Your Honor, this is not a Ponzi scheme or insider trading. This is cold-blooded murder. Prosecution moves that bail be denied. That's ridiculous. My client's not going anywhere. She's got a business to run. Well, let's look at how she does business. Less than 48 hours ago, she admitted to bribery. You want to talk about how she does business? Let's talk about how you do business. Your Honor, I have a list of Cameron Dennis tried as a DA. In each instance, he allowed reasonable bail to be set. I allowed bail because gang-bangers don't have a fraction of Ms. Hessington's resources. You allowed bail because you didn't give a damn about those guys, and this is personal. It's why you took the case. It's why you hid a witness. And it's why you negotiated a settlement in bad faith. My chambers. Now. You bring an accusation like that into my courtroom, you better be able to back it up. Your Honor, when I told him he took this case to stick it to me, he said, quote, ""I did. And now I got her and you didn't see it coming."" You know what, Your Honor? He's right. I am sticking it to him. Guilty as charged, just like his client. That's enough. I am not a washing machine. You two are not here to air your dirty laundry. She admitted to bribing a colonel in the army, and that same army killed these people. HARVEY: Three environmentalists died in the polar ice cap. You think she killed them, also? Maybe I'll look into that. You gonna leak it to a corporate raider, too? What's he talking about? I'm talking about the fact that he leaked this whole thing to Tony Gianopolous. This is a personal vendetta, and he has no concrete evidence against my client. Not only do I want no bail, I want you to throw this case out right now. Well, I'm not gonna do that. But I'll tell you something, Mr. Dennis, I am setting bail, at $1. And if you don't have any evidence, I'm gonna hear his motion for summary judgment, rule in his favor, and this trial is going to be over before it even starts. (SINGING) Ooh, you can fight it if you want If you want, yeah Ooh, you can fight it if you want, if you want You're excited and ignited You really don't want to fight So just join along Just join along Ooh, why my music so low Bloody hell. Um, excuse me. Do you not see me sitting here? Yeah, I saw you. I just chose to ignore you. You must like living dangerously. I do. And that's why stopping here, doing this with you, well, that's playing with fire. There's nothing wrong with a little casual conversation. What happens when casual conversation becomes serious fun? Oh, you're good. (LAUGHS) I can promise you, I'm better than good. Stephen Huntley, senior partner, London office. Donna. Just Donna? Yeah, it's like a name and a title in one. You'll see. I've heard. The secretarial pool's been buzzing about some new feisty ginger for a fortnight. Look. If you're trying to charm your way into Harvey's office, it's not gonna happen. Mmm, no. I'm not trying to charm my way into Harvey's office. Oh. What were you trying for? Well, actually, I was gonna try for Donna. I need you to send Louis everything we have on Tony Gianopolous. He's running point. Harvey, pleasure. I'm Stephen. I know who you are, and I know why you're here. You're Darby's fixer and you're here to hijack my case. Did you text him whilst we were You said you're good? I'm good, too. This isn't over. Is that a threat? Hmm. You take it in whatever tone pleases you the most. You're right. I am Darby's fixer, but I'm not here to hijack anything. No, when I got on the plane at Heathrow, this was still merely bribery. I've only just learned of the murder charges now, as I touched down. That just means the timing changed, not the motive. Forget the bombshell the prosecution has just dropped. Let's talk about the bombshell outside your office. Donna? She's got a body like Elizabeth Hurley and the sass of Maggie Thatcher. I went out with Liz. Don't sell her short in the sass department. Oh, I'm well aware of her sass. '99. '98. Really? Well, you're obviously a better man than I am. Don't beat yourself up. You've got plenty of company. By the way, before you say anything else, she can hear every word we say. Now, I've got a murder charge to defend. So, why don't you tell me why the hell you're really here? Well, I'm here to oversee cultural integration. Cultural integration. Standard part of the merger. Been on the books for two weeks. And why do you need me? Well, smoothing over these transitional periods is never easy. It's not child's play. You're an influencer here. People listen to you. I want you to help them listen to me. I get it. You want me to pave the way for you. Here's the thing, I don't pave the way for people. People pave the way for me. I get it. Steer clear of you, and you and I will get along just fine. Welcome to New York. So, have you met Stephen Huntley yet? I did. What did you think? Turns out we have some things in common. Turns out he didn't show up empty-handed. That's a half a million dollars. Mmm-hmm. First dividend check of the merger. That was my buy-in amount. Maybe it wasn't such a bad idea after all. Wait a second. What was your check for? More than that. I'm not telling. You're three times more valuable than me? Oh, I don't think that. The check thinks that. Does the check think the only thing that guy's here for is cultural integration? The check wasn't born yesterday. He is to Darby what you are to me, and I wouldn't send you to do that. No, you wouldn't. So, what did you tell him? I told him as long as he steers clear of me, he'll be fine. You told him wrong. I want you to find out what the hell that guy is up to. She's right, you know. Cultural integration's scheduled for a week. Stephen Huntley booked a room at the Peninsula for a month. Is it a room or a suite? It's important. A suite. Good work. It's what I do. There's only one problem. Jessica just told me to look into him one second ago. I anticipated her needs. No, you didn't. I anticipated your needs? You anticipated your needs. And by your needs, I mean Okay. My needs are not the topic of this conversation. All I'm saying is you went to the trouble of specifically finding out he booked a suite. Save it. Can I talk to you for a second? Not if it's about working with Harvey on this case. Look, this isn't easy for me to do, but For some reason, you and I keep locking horns. And now I'm out in the cold. I know how I got here, but I don't know how to get back. What do you want, Katrina? I want to figure out a way we can coexist in this firm. You want to know a way? When you see me coming, give me a wide berth. You know what? I'm apologizing to you. You don't have to be a dick. I'm a dick? You have treated everyone at this firm below your station like shit. Now all of a sudden, you want to be my best friend? Oh, I get it. This isn't about me and you. This is about me and your little girlfriend. Rachel is not my girlfriend, this has nothing to do with her, and this conversation is over. Funny how you knew exactly who I was talking about. Thank you. Harvey. To what do I owe the pleasure of this lunch? I wanted to thank you for the check. Oh, I thought that would change your attitude. It did. In fact, you gave something to me, I want to give something to you. What is it? It's a hotel bill. I paid it. Then I checked you out. Hope you left housekeeping a hefty gratuity. You're not here to deliver checks or make smooth transitions. And if you're not gonna tell me the truth, you don't need to be here at all. Well, it's going to make it extremely difficult for me to help you take over the firm from Jessica. I know about your deal with Edward. He sent me here to help. Why didn't you tell me this before? Well, you told me Miss Moneypenny was listening. I didn't know whether you wanted her to hear. So, you're here to help me take over the firm from Jessica? What exactly does that mean? You know what it means. I don't need you babysitting me on this case. I'm not a babysitter. I'm a fixer. I'm here to help you. Now, why would you turn that down? What's to stop you from using this to take over the firm from me? I'm not like you. I don't care to have my name on the door. So you're here just to help me, and you don't need anything in return. Your car club owns a pair of mint 1956 Porsche Speedsters. You want to drive one. I want to race you. Harvey, fancy meeting you here. Cameron, you keep showing up unannounced and I'm not sure why. I can meet you anytime, anywhere, because I'm not afraid of you. Well, you should be. I've got five witnesses who place the colonel that your client bribed at the scene of those murders. You want evidence? Here it is. See you in court. We can schedule it for anytime, anywhere. You still don't want my help? No, I don't. I don't trust you. I'm not telling you to trust me. I'm telling you that this is what Darby wants. Well, Darby isn't here. Hey. You wanted to talk to me? Hey. Yes. So, I know you don't want me fighting your battles for you, and I didn't. Uh-oh. I just don't want you to get upset with me. What? I went to talk to Donna about her and me and, um, you came up. What about me? That it's time for you to be accepted back. (SIGHS) That's why she did it. Did what? I caught Katrina trying to horn in on my case. Again? Yeah, I know. Donna walked in in the middle and she took her to the woodshed. So, you're okay with what I did? I'm more than okay. Not only did Katrina slink away, but she came back later with her tail between her legs looking to be my friend. (LAUGHS) Well, she is not your friend. And she's definitely not my friend. She most certainly isn't. What are you talking about? Um After I told her that she could take her friendship and shove it up her ass, she said that this whole thing was about you. And that I was just trying to protect my girlfriend. She called me your girlfriend? Mmm-hmm. And what did you say? What could I say? We're keeping it a secret. I I said you weren't. Good. Yeah. Am I? Don't you know? Well, we never really talked about it. You mean I've never really asked. Nobody asks anybody anymore. (CLEARS THROAT) Whoops. I'm sorry. Are you okay? Rachel Elizabeth Zane, will you be my girlfriend? (SIGHS) Yes. (SIGHS) What the hell is this? What? I'm working with Harvey. My best friend? Harvey gave birth to me. When you see me coming, give me a wide berth, because I'm a dick. I'm a dick, dick, dick. I'm working with Harvey. My best friend? Oh, my God. I'm working with Harvey. My best friend? When you see me coming, give me a wide berth, because I'm a dick. You're not the fool anymore, Louis. Mike Ross is. And I can't take it back. I put myself out on a limb for you. So, if you say no to me, I won't just be a fool. I'll be done. Ugh. This means war. And I am not taking any prisoners. If you think I'm staying out of it, you're crazy. I don't want you out of it. I want you in it. So what are we gonna do? Nothing right now. I need to help Harvey. AVA: I don't believe it. It's a setback, but it's going away. And what exactly does that mean? I've looked into three of the witnesses. And all three were affiliated with a guerrilla faction within the last five years. We're gonna paint the entire incident as a firefight between the government and armed rebels. Which, as you pointed out, is exactly how it was reported in the first place. They're still placing the colonel at these murders. I don't think you understand. This is what I found in two hours. In another day I understand perfectly. You want to tear these people down in court. Well, I'm suggesting they never get there. We find out how to get to them and we pay them off. Bribery is what got you into this situation. Now you think that's your way out? That's what you said when I suggested that with Nick, and I listened to you. And I was able to neutralize him without a payoff. You were able to get Cameron Dennis to offer me a deal that's now being used against me. And even if you can impugn these five witnesses, your way still goes to a verdict. Mine doesn't. It doesn't if we don't get caught. Then, don't get caught. We're not going to get caught because we're not doing this. You told me you'd do anything it takes to win. Remember that? You'll steal the rival pitcher's girlfriend the night before the big game. This is the night before the big game. Ms. Hessington, what you're proposing is a crime. A crime to get me out of a crime I didn't commit. You said it doesn't matter whether you believe me or not. It doesn't. But it does. Because if you thought I was innocent, you'd do this. I won't. Then you're fired. And I'll find someone who will. Where did you get this picture? I friended her on Facebook. She accepted? Not as me. I found an intern at the DA's office that she worked with two years ago who doesn't have a Facebook account. Mmm. See? You're not the only one who can get away with fraud. Okay, step aside. Aha. (CHUCKLING) Holy shit. Yeah. You do not want to get on my bad side. I can see that. What are you working on? Oh, let me rephrase. Why the hell aren't you working on Ava's defense? Uh, because we got fired? That's no reason not to work on her defense. Look, Harvey. I know we're just getting back on the same team and all, and I don't want to disagree with you, but it's actually a very excellent reason. Wrong. Odds are Cameron's expecting her to do this, and we get a call tomorrow to get her out of a new bribery charge. And then, whatever lawyer she replaces us with can't stand up to Cameron in court. 'Cause he's not gonna stop working on this. And neither are we. One more thing. Don't. Don't what? You think I don't know what you were doing in there with Rachel? You saw it, too? I did. And I need you to let it go. Wait, so you're saying she threw a punch and you don't want me to throw a punch back? I'm saying we're in the middle of a murder trial, and I need you to let it go. Harvey. Is there something you'd like to tell me about Ava? Yeah, some clients can be a pain in the ass. Some ex-clients, too. Temporary situation. Good. Good, because I just wanted to make sure you were still all over it. Did you want to make sure the sun was still shining and the sky was still blue? I'd be humble after I got fired. If I ever got fired. I don't know what it's like in the DA's office now, but if I did what you did to someone who was with me in the trenches, I'd be done. Like you are now. You have no idea what the story is between me and Mike. I don't care what the story is. You hired me, and then you hung me out to dry. You don't give me cases. You don't give me a word. What am I supposed to do? We both know how you got here. You expect more from me? That's not my problem. I do know how I got here. Which is how I know you're not gonna fire me. So keep your empty threats to yourself. When I said you're done, I meant your future at this firm is over, because you will never be anything more than you are right now. And if you ever do anything like that to Mike Ross again, I don't give a shit what our deal was. You'll be gone. Hey. Remember that thing we were gonna do to Katrina? We don't need to do it anymore. What are you talking about? Harvey just did it. He went to talk to her? He laid her out. Yeah. You don't want to be on his bad side either. You know, we could still send her that thing. Really? No. Actually, Harvey told me not to. So? He's not so tough. Yeah, but we could take him. What's he gonna do, talk to us with his words? Wag a finger at us. Maybe give us a time out. Maybe even slap us with a lawsuit. (CHUCKLES) (SIGHS) Uh High five. Okay. Okay. We don't need to bribe the witnesses. We need them to sue us. Right? The Alien Tort Statute allows foreign nationals to bring civil claims in U.S. Court. And then we settle. It might be a payoff, but it's a legal payoff. And the witnesses aren't American, so Cameron can't subpoena them. Exactly. Good. But they need a legitimate claim, or we could be on the hook for bribery ourselves. What are they suing us for? Harvey, they witnessed multiple murders. That would be emotionally distressing. Might even suffer from PTSD. Which would prevent them from getting on the plane and testifying in our case. Get it going. You got a lawyer to take the other side? I have someone in mind, but we need a way to get those witnesses to go for it. No. Right now, our problem isn't getting them to go for it. It's getting to Ava before she gets someone to bribe them. Hey, Harvey. I heard about what you did with, uh, Katrina. I know I asked you not to, and I wasn't going to, but I saw her and I couldn't help it. I get it. She brings that out in people. But listen. Just don't let it happen again. Son of a bitch! I'd call you a lying son of a bitch, but you were true to your word. Yeah? What word is that? You're not like me. I didn't hijack your client, Harvey. Oh, no, you waited for her to fire me and then you swooped in with an illegal fix. You're wrong. You're gonna look me in the eye and tell me you didn't just meet with her about bribing those witnesses? That's exactly what I met with her about. She asked me if I was willing and I said was. I also told her that in this particular situation, it would be counterproductive. You looked into Cameron Dennis. If she bribes those witnesses, he'll be lying in wait. And that's what you told her. Yeah, amongst other things. You told her to stick with the lawyer she picked in the first place. More or less. Harvey, listen. I told you. You don't have to trust me, okay? But Darby does. And Darby wants this win. Therefore, so do I. I'm guessing you think that means that I owe you. No, I think it means you're gonna pay me. You look happy. Dodged a bullet. You got Ava back. Stephen got Ava back. Turns out he's here to help. And you believe that. He got Ava back. And Mike's on his way over there as we speak. Mike? He made the call. Why not let him score the touchdown? And you must have someplace else to be. Blonde or brunette? Neither. I have to go repay a debt. So, once this is all taken care of, I wire the money. And Cameron's witnesses never take the stand. Harvey told me this maneuver was your idea. I'm not one to take credit, but yes, it was. He trusts you, doesn't he? I like to think so. So, you know how he thinks. What I know about how Harvey thinks is that you can never be sure what Harvey's gonna think. What do you think he thinks? I think that he's not really interested in whether you did it or not. He's interested in what the evidence is and what we can make it say. I want to know. Then you should ask him. I'm asking you. I have no idea whether Harvey thinks you had those people murdered or not, but even if I did, I would never say anything, because he wouldn't want me to. He's picked a good number two. I like to think so. What do you think? (SIGHS) I think it's my job to represent you to the best of my ability. To say anything else would be as big a betrayal to Harvey as discussing what he thinks. Let me guess. You won the Testosterone 500 and you're here to brag. Actually, Harvey took the checkered flag. I'm here for you. Why would I go out with a loser? Well, losing has its benefits. If he thinks he's a better man than me, then he won't get jealous. Oh, Harvey's got nothing to be jealous of. Not yet, but he will be if you take a ride with me. That could be dangerous. Yep. Look, if you think a fancy car and some smooth talk is all it takes to get to me Okay. I understand. I'm sure I can find another connoisseur of the theater to take to Macbeth. Oh, your research came up short. I've already seen Macbeth. Not with me, not in the front row, and certainly not with Daniel Day-Lewis. I'm in trouble. This is everything I have on Tony Gianopolous. Read it, summarize it, and make it your life. I won't let you down. Welcome to Team Litt. Louis. Thank you. (CHUCKLES) Here it is. Fully executed settlement. Signed, sealed, delivered. Who'd you get to represent the other side? Harold Gunderson. Louis' whipping boy? Yeah, he works for Allison Holt now. Which is actually kind of perfect, because everyone knows she would never do anything to help us, but I got Harold the job, so He owes you one. Not anymore. What did you say? What? When Ava asked if I thought she was guilty. I told her that I had no idea what you thought, and it was none of her business what I thought. Good answer. What about you? You want to know what I think? I know what you think. And I think it, too. She did it. We, uh We've never had drinks before. I know. Harvey, we just admitted to each other that we're defending a murderer. Doesn't really seem like cause for celebration. It's not a celebration. Remember when you said Butch and Sundance were back? They weren't. What do you mean? I mean, it's time I told you I made a deal with Darby to take over the firm from Jessica. (SINGING) Where do we go from here? Where do we go from here? Where do we go from here? Where   "
