"x"
"



                			Harvey, I don't need a perp-walk or a front-page headline. I just want the person responsible. Then hand me the deal we just negotiated and justice will be served. You know, if this were anyone else but you, I wouldn't even be giving the courtesy of this meeting. Becky, we're both benefiting from this. You've got nothing on my clients and I'm going to help you get the person responsible. So let me just go do that. You better make sure Ms. Stone signs this. Otherwise, we don't have a deal. How long have we known each other? Since you were in the DA's office. Then you know we'll have a deal. Talk soon. Uh, how did it go at the Department of Justice? Follow me, you'll find out. I get to sit in? With your head down and your mouth shut. This isn't the usual Uh What are you doing? Quick. Act like you're telling me something important. I am telling you something important. Oh, and then, uh, after the injunction, you know, both parties decided to reassess My God. That woman with Rachel. I took the LSAT's for her a couple of years ago. If she saw me, she could blow my cover. Oh, really? And how would that go? ""Uh, excuse me. When I was cheating for my LSAT's, ""that was the guy who took the test for me""? Come on. It could go down like that. You don't know. People say things. Ms. Stone, correct me if any of this is wrong. But you and I both know it's not. Please address me and not my client, Mr. Specter. You mean your client who purchased $10 million of Lunardi Pharmaceuticals? And then, a day later, word of their FDA approval got out and the stock shot up to $30 million? She purchased that stock for your clients, Bert Kimble and Dean Morello, based on a tip sheet handed out by your clients. That doesn't mean it didn't happen. I'll turn your client over in person. No handcuffs. It will be a country club prison. And I'll make sure that she's processed as gently as possible. As long as she admits that she made this trade of her own accord. It's a crappy deal wrapped in pretty paper. Why aren't we dealing with the Department of Justice? Because the DOJ wanted to put you behind bars for seven years, and I got them down to 11 months. Look, it's a great deal. You're going to sign it. You're going to serve your year in prison. And every night, when you climb into your bunk, you're going to thank your lucky stars that Harvey Specter negotiated on your behalf. Nobody is ever going to believe me, and I don't have the resources to fight this thing forever. So I'll sign the goddamn deal. But I'm not thanking anybody. Harvey? You came through. My company's reputation means everything to me. Thank you. So I trust we won't be hearing from the Department of Justice again? Unless you plan on inviting them to the company's Christmas party, Bert, no. I told Morello you could fix this for us. Thank you, Harvey. Reality's starting to sink in, and Gabby's a little wound-up right now. Let's, uh Let's give her a minute. I've got the pretty papers in my office for you to look over. Keep an eye on her. You're here to make sure I don't change my mind about the deal? No, I Would you? You know, my father was a teacher. He worked hard, followed the rules. Last year, the district cut his pension to save their budget. I went to Wall Street so I could make some money before getting into teaching, myself. I never thought I'd have to worry if they let convicted felons teach. Could I get you some water or something? Oh I'm just going to get you some water. Hey. Hey. I got it. Thanks. So, uh, that girl you were with earlier. She a friend of yours? Teresa? Yeah, she used to be a paralegal here. We were pretty close. She worked at Pearson Hardman? Mmm-hmm. And I just had the unique pleasure of giving her the summer intern tour for prospective employees. Really? Yeah. She's in her second year of Harvard Law. Meeting with the partners as we speak. Huh! I know. We used to do everything together. And now, if she gets this job, she will technically be my boss. Oh, my God. I'm so sorry, Rachel. If you need to talk about it, or No. Not now, thanks. No. No, no, no. What? She's gone. See the money, wanna stay for your meal Get another piece of pie for your wife Everybody wanna know how it feel Everybody wanna see what it's like I'll even eat a bean pie I don't mind Me and missy is so early Busy, busy making money All right! All step back I'm 'bout to dance The greenback boogie You left her alone to get her a water? What, she didn't want a latte? I was trying to be helpful. You were very helpful. To her. You didn't see her, Harvey. She was scared. She was a wreck. Maybe that had to do with the fact that she was about to go to prison for 11 months. I think she was having the reaction of an innocent woman. And what was telling you that? Your years of investigative experience? No, I just I listened to her. That's all. Let me tell you something, okay? Just because a pretty girl tells you a story, doesn't mean it's true. If she'd gone to trial, the burden of proof would be on the prosecution. Yet her own lawyer told her to take the deal. Not to mention that innocent people don't run. I think this fell out of her purse. I found it here. Why are you telling me this now? Because you were mad at me before. So your answer to that is to delay giving me important information? Well, when you put it like that Okay. I've got to smooth things over with the DOJ. That phone is our only lead. Try not to lose it before I get back. Ah. Okay? Becky, there's been a slight hiccup on the Gabby Stone business. I don't want to hear about any hiccups. She sign the deal or not? Well, she was about to. My associate left her alone for a second. She took off. Gabby Stone's in the wind? ""In the wind""? Really? The woman isn't a world-class felon. She'll turn up. Well, it better be soon, or the deal's off the table and I'm going after your clients. That's funny. I don't think so. The SEC decided they had no case and their burden of proof is lower. If you had something on my clients, you would have charged them already. Harvey, I went out on a limb for you. You make me look bad on this, I promise you, you'll regret it. Donna, where the hell is Mike? Hey, anyone know a guy named Bradley? Yeah. Guy who's about to miss the jumper. All right. Does he have a last name? Yeah, Brickstein. Do I look like I have time for jokes? Reger. Bradley. Come on, I'm open! Mr. Reger. Bradley Reger! I'm sorry. Can I help you? I'm sure you've heard about the investigation regarding Gabby Stone? Are you with the Department of Justice? I have several questions for you. Did you help Gabby when she was charged with insider trading? Of course I did. She wasn't just a trader. She was my friend. I recommended a lawyer and let her borrow some cash after you guys froze her account. That was Henderson. He's a stickler for procedure. Tell me, when was the last time you saw her? Bradley. Let me inform you that withholding knowledge of the whereabouts of a known fugitive is a federal offense. Do you understand me? Gabby came in here She asked to borrow my keycard to Morello Assets' offices, and I gave it to her. Well, the Department appreciates your honesty. Oh, and, uh, Mr. Reger. Put a little arc in your jump shot. All right? If poor shooting were a crime, I'd be forced to arrest you right here. It's embarrassing. Go get them. Harvey. I know where she is. What are you doing here? I told you I'd get her. And I would let you. I just wanted to make sure she didn't get away again. The water was right outside the room, okay? And you said innocent people don't run. Do guilty people run back to the scene of the crime? We don't know what she's doing. She could be planning on taking a baseball bat to all these computers, for all we know. Gabby, what are you doing? That stock was on my tip sheet. It was on mine. If I could find that tip sheet, I could prove my innocence. Is this what guilty people do? I know they're your clients, but can you help me? Please. I'm sorry. You can either come with us, or we'll have the Department of Justice bring you in. So, I meant to ask you, how did your friend's interview go yesterday? Teresa? She didn't get the internship. So how do you feel about that? To be honest, I'm relieved. I mean, she would have been a daily reminder of what I couldn't do. That I'll never score high enough on the LSAT's or get into law school. You know, that doesn't have to be true. It is. I need to accept that I will always be a paralegal because of this stupid test. I had a hard time sleeping last night. You want to know why? No. Because Gabby Stone is innocent. Well, I slept like a baby. I don't think you believe that. You think she's innocent, too. You just don't want to pursue it. She's not our client. No, Morello is our client. And if someone else in that office is responsible and they do it again, then won't that put our client in jeopardy? Ooh, yep. I'm right, and you know it. And now you have the responsibility to investigate. Did you tell that guy at the basketball court that you were an attorney for the Department of Justice? Not explicitly. I mean, people hear what they want to hear. I won't impersonate a federal agent again. Probably a good idea. Yeah. Oh, hey, Mike. Um, can I give you my roommate's cat for the weekend? Let's get it over with. I have some actual work to do. No, no, no. It's not what you think. It's just very annoying, and I figured if you were looking after it, the cat is as good as gone. Right? Gentlemen. What's going on? Some sort of shenanigans? Uh, no. It's nothing. It's just stuff between the associates. I said, what's going on? It's Seth's just giving me a hard time for losing Gabby Stone yesterday. Although, we know, at this firm, that we don't dwell on our colleagues' mistakes. Right? I mean, just because one of your fellow associates is incompetent doesn't mean you have to constantly remind this moron what a careless idiot he really is. Right? You. Harold, I called you two nights ago and you didn't answer your phone. Which is really funny, because you're a first-year associate who's lucky enough to be working here at Pearson Hardman. So when I need to get a hold of you, you will be reachable at all times. I don't care if you're in a coma, a hospital that's burning down, your mother's about to jump off the Brooklyn Bridge. You will pick up your phone. Absolutely. Got it? Yes. Okay, thanks. Can you get out of my office, please? Harvey, once this whole Morello thing gets fixed, remind me to be irritated with you for not billing more on the Swindon merger. The fact is, mergers are boring, okay? Plus, I'm busy. Also, mergers? Boring. How did you get these? You mean tickets to the Royal Shakespeare Company's production of King Lear? This show was sold out the minute these tickets went on sale. I live for King Lear. How did you know that? It's my job to know that. But why? Louis, your billables are outstanding. You've landed three high-profile clients in a month, and I want to show you my appreciation. And I'm very happy that you're excited. So should we get dinner before or after the play? Uh, I don't know. Jessica, do you remember when we went to that Yankee game and you caught that foul ball and you ate all my nachos? Did we go to the steak house that night? Oh, that was a good meal. Have a good time. You know what, Louis? Dinner after. I'll have Norma make a reservation. Fantastic. Dean, Gabby Stone is still making noises about these tip sheets. She insists that she had a different sheet on the day she bought Lunardi. She's lying. I understand. But after she broke into your offices last night, the DOJ might be inclined to start rattling cages again. So, for the record, you're telling me the truth, right? Harvey. You work for me, remember? Well, as your lawyer, I need to be able to tell the DOJ that we're all above board. Of course. So you won't mind if I look around for myself? We've had a clean record for 50 years. Please, Harvey, look around. Why is that on my desk? Because the LSAT's are a week from Saturday. Great. Go away. I'm busy. There are only four tests a year. Which means if you miss this one, you're going to have to wait another three months. I can do math, too, Good Will Hunting. When did I say I was ready to re-take the LSAT's? I thought that after our talk, you Nothing about our talk said I'm interested in bombing the test again. You're not going to bomb it again. How do you know? Because the first time you took it, you were missing one essential ingredient. Me. Not interested. If I let you help me, will you leave me alone? Mmm-hmm. Okay. I'll see you later. Get excited. Woo-hoo. Hey, I forget. Why are we looking into Gabby Stone again? Oh, right. Because I said she's innocent, and now you agree with me. No, I don't agree with you that she's innocent. But if there's even the slightest chance that someone else is involved, they're putting the whole company at risk. And I can't have that. Okay, so you disagree with what we agree about? I'll agree with that. I don't feel sorry for Gabby Stone at all. Because? I found her. I was her immediate supervisor. I nurtured her. And then she tries to cheat and give us a bad name. How commonplace would you say cheating is here? It's not. That's not the kind of shop we run. So when Ms. Stone made the trade and the investment tripled in value, you weren't suspicious? My job's not to worry about the traders that are making money. My job is to worry about the traders who aren't. So how exactly does the tip sheet system work? Our technical analysts predict stocks that are likely to have larger than expected volatility. These predictions are handed out to our traders on a daily basis in the form of a tip sheet. All these traders get the same tip sheet? Exactly. They're printed on red paper so they can't be copied. Every trader is responsible for returning their sheet at the end of the day so they can be shredded. So no records exist. We keep electronic copies. I'll need to see those copies for the last year. I thought you might. I'm assuming you own a computer? One more thing. I'll need to see a list of all the trades Morello Assets made in the last year. Well, I can't give you that. Why not? The tip sheets have expired, but our current positions, that's proprietary information. I can't release that on just your say-so. That's not a request. We need to protect the company. And we're covered under attorney-client privilege. And I'm telling you I'm not giving you shit. You think I don't know what attorney-client privilege is? You know, you corporate lawyers look down your noses at us because we didn't go to Ivy League schools. Just because I don't have a fancy degree doesn't mean you get to come into my house and order me around. And you go whine to Morello, and I'll knock you on your ass like the puss you are. Well, Sam, I'm sorry that you feel that way. But I've been working for your boss, Dean Morello, for a very long time. And let me tell you something. If you try to stonewall me, you'll be out on the street in less than a week. As for the other stuff, do I think that I'm smarter than you? You're damn right I do. But if you think that means that I can't kick your ass up and down this floor, take a swing and see what happens. I didn't think so. Here you go. That was amazing. It was like he was Mr. T and you were Rocky. But, like, not Rocky at the beginning, when he's all scared of Mr. T. But at the end, when he was all, like, ""Uh, give it your best shot."" You know? Adrian! Yes! That's funny. But you might want to wipe that grin off your face. What? Why? Because without those trades, we don't have shit. And your little girlfriend is going to rot in jail. And by the way, you've got to work on your Stallone. You need a lower register. Uh! That was an incredible Stallone. I've been doing that since I was a kid. You can't touch it. Uh! Not with food in your mouth. No, I swallowed it. Uh! There's food in your mouth. Adrian! That's disgusting. Come on. You got this one. It's ""A."" You know what? It's ""C."" Actually, it's ""D."" It's definitely ""D."" Final answer? Yes. ""D."" It's ""A."" Rachel, you've got to remember. They're asking why the argument is most vulnerable. I could make the case that they're all vulnerable arguments. You could. But your first instinct was ""A."" You've got to go with your gut. Right. So what if my gut can find the exception where ""A"" is wrong? What am I supposed to do then? You ignore it. I can't. That's easier said than done. Look, the test isn't trying to trick you, Rachel. But sometimes, it is, Mike. Well, you've got to let that go. I can't. Why not? Because I don't want to get any questions wrong. Okay. I think we found your problem. You're so afraid of getting fooled by a few trick questions that you're letting it mess you up with all the other ones. Look, Rachel, you want to get into Harvard, you need a 170. Okay? If you let a few of these trick questions go, you're going to be fine. But if you keep trying to be perfect, you're going to over-think this whole thing and you're going to end up with a 130. Rachel. Nobody gets all the trick questions. What about you? First grade, they gave me an achievement test. I scored in the So, they kept giving me achievement tests all the way up to the eighth grade level. And I kept getting in the 99th percentile on every one of them. What, you couldn't get the 100th? There is no 100th. Next question. Come on. King Lear. I happen to like King Lear. And unlike some people I know, Louis' references don't begin and end with Top Gun. Hey, I love Louis. And I don't care what you say, I am not leaving my wingman. You see, that's funny, because that's from Top Gun. ""He's a wildcard, flies by the seat of his pants."" You think I can't quote Top Gun? Get the hell out of here. Oh, that was good. Hey, Mike. Bert Kimble's coming to see me. I need you in the meeting. Whoa. The number two at Morello? I bet he's coming to yell at you after your big showdown there yesterday. If you need me, I've got your back. You thinking about finally going to law school? Oh. No, I'm helping Rachel study. The pretty paralegal. Got it. Okay. It's not like that. It's exactly like that. Oh, that reminds me. How did you manage to take the LSAT's for a woman? What do you mean? We took the test the same day. She signed my name on hers, and I signed hers on mine. Why? What's so funny? I just pictured you in drag. I could pull that off. I've got soft features. I want to apologize for Samuel's behavior. He's had a chip on his shoulder ever since the Department of Justice investigated Ms. Stone's malfeasance. He's very protective of the firm. He's a good man to have in your corner. Well, so are you. In these folders, you will find every trade made by Morello Assets in the last year. Personally delivered by Bert Kimble? I'm flattered. Well, we just want to make sure you've got everything you need, Harvey. We really appreciate your diligence. Now, I better get back to the office. The Australian markets are just opening up. Good to see you. Always a pleasure, Bert. Harvey, this is great. We can take these tip sheets put them What are you doing? This guy's not that friendly to his own mother. He's hiding something, and I'm pissed. What are you talking about? Those aren't the real trades. Okay. So how do we get them? Right. How do I get them? Hmm. Hello? You think you learned how to get the most profitable trades yet, Mike? The Morello brokers hang out at a bar called the Closing Bell. I'm on my way now. Just remember, you're working. I'll talk to you later. Can I get a beer? Thank you. Hey, hey, hey! What's up, toolbox? Oh, man. If you drink that beer any slower, I'm going to have to get you a nipple. Do I know you, or Vince Landis. Morello Assets. Yeah. That's me. Yeah. Russell Ginther. The ""Gin."" The ""Ginthesizer."" What are you talking about? Come on. Gervich Investments, man. We got shit-housed here a couple of weeks ago. I have no idea what you're talking about. You, me, Pepiol, Causwell, Williamson. That guy, Dick. You still owe me 20 bucks! Yeah, right. Russell. Right. Right. You still begging for scraps over there at Gervich, or what? You wish. Hey, I need a shot. What is this? Oh, drink mine. Please. Mmm. Baker? Uh-huh. You're better than that, man. Money! God, you guys are a bunch of pussies. I guarantee you my biggest trades kick the ass out of your biggest trades. I don't think so, brother. Last month, I made $2 million on Cahill Metals in one hour! Two million? I made four million off of Montroluxx back in February. That stock tripled overnight. What's up? Four million? Oh, that's adorable. How about the six million I just cleared on Rypien Micro Devices? Oh, yeah? What do you think my boy here made on Piper Web Systems? What, this guy? Right here. Uh-huh. Uh, I don't know. A pack of chewing gum and your sister's panties? Oh, it's on. Oh! Vince Landis! Seven million off of Drogin Limited. Eight million off of Epling RTX. $9 million off of RMA Integrated Products. Well, gentlemen, greed is good. So's his sister, right? Come on, man. That's his sister. That's not cool. Dude, you just made, like, the same joke. Ah! Hey, Bradley's finally here. Uh, all right, ladies. Listen, I've got to split. It's been real. I'll get drinks next time, all right? Right. Make money, money, make money! Whoo! Ah. Harvey. I got the trades. Good. We'll talk tomorrow. What? No. I'm coming over now. You're drunk. Do not come over. All right, cool. I'll see you in a minute. Hey! Harvey, come on! We've got to save Gabby! ""Gabbolini."" Oh. Oh, you've got a sweet place, dude. Don't ever call me ""dude."" You think that maybe I could take it off your hands? Like, when you're going out of town? Like a Like a house-sitting type situation? Remind me to have Donna get you a spare key. You have the trades? Ta-da! Good. Hey, when can we, uh I'm still upset that I didn't get the internship. It would have been so much fun to work together, don't you think? Mmm, absolutely. Let me ask you something. How did you turn it around with the LSAT's? What do you mean? Come on. You took them, didn't do so well. And now, you're at Harvard Law? That's exactly what I want to be doing. You can tell me. What did you do, sleep with the grader? What? I paid someone to take them for me. What? Uh There was this guy. I heard about him from a friend of a friend. I paid him 1,000 bucks and he took the LSAT's for me. He got me a 172. You cheated on the LSAT's? When we were paralegals, we were smarter than half the associates. Why Why should I be denied my chance because I can't pass some stupid test? I'm living my dream, Rach. I'm not going to apologize for it to anyone. Come on. Come on. Come on. Hello? Mikey. Yo, it's Scott. Scott. How are you, man? I haven't talked to you in forever. You still taking LSAT's for other people? I have a customer for you. No, man. I'm I'm not in that business anymore. I'm sorry. Trust me. You want to take this meeting, dude. This chick is smoking hot. What's her name? Rachel Zane. You didn't give her my name, did you? No. Of course not. I'm not taking that meeting, man. What do you want me to sign now? A confession that I killed Kennedy? I'm not going to pretend to be your best friend, Ms. Stone. But my interests happen to be aligned with yours right now. So, please, sit down. Your colleagues' most profitable trades. Why are you showing them to me? Every single one of them comes from stocks that Morello Assets didn't officially recommend. This is either a hell of a coincidence, or these traders were all given different tip sheets. So you believe me. When I said my tip sheet had Lunardi Pharmaceuticals on it. Well, I'm getting there. But you got flagged by the DOJ, and no one else at Morello did. So I want to know why. What's different here? Uh None of these trades are for more than nine million. That's Morello's recommended amount. And your Lunardi purchase was for $10 million. Maybe someone figured out that any trade under $10 million wouldn't draw DOJ attention. Why did you make a trade for $1 million more than the recommended amount? Look at me. I'm not exactly fraternity material. It's a cutthroat world and I wasn't performing well. So I took a chance and I tried to hit it big. I picked the wrong trade. Gabby, if you knew you were innocent, then why didn't you fight this harder? After I saw how much money the trade made, I suspected something. I went to Bert Kimble. He reassured me that I made a profitable trade and did nothing wrong. He even told me I I had a $300,000 bonus coming at the end of the quarter. I should have gone to someone. Said something. I made one mistake, and I'm going to regret it for the rest of my life. Scott. Yeah, it's Mike Ross. This Rachel Zane. Tell her I'll take the meeting. Just don't tell her my name. Who was that on the phone? It was nothing. Are you thinking about Gabby? I'm thinking about her lawyer. What? Knowing what she said, why would that Zegan guy agree to a deal that puts his client behind bars without even putting up a fight? I can't stand that kind of shoddy work. He's like the bad version of both of us. He doesn't care about his client and he's not about winning. He's got even less style than you. I don't really see how that's relevant. At all. Hold on. How did she get this lawyer? Her friend, Bradley. The one who also works at Morello. Yeah. I don't think Bradley's as good a friend as she thinks he is. Here's what you're going to do. I looked into it. You were right. You put this together fast. I care about Gabby. You were right, too. You want me to go with you? I'm sorry, but I've got to take care of this one myself. Thank you. You're welcome. Rachel? What are you doing all the way over here? Uh, this guy has the best soft pretzels in town. Do you want to try it? No, I'm good. Hey, how are you feeling about the LSAT's? I was really happy with all the prep we did yesterday. I'm really excited for you. You're excited for me? Why do you even care? I was just asking. Well, just stop asking. Look I came down here because I just wanted to be by myself, and I bump into you. And the first thing you want to talk about is the LSAT's? Okay. I'm sorry. I The truth is, I came down here to clear my head, too. About what? It's Gabby Stone. The girl who did the insider trading? She actually suspected that something was wrong after the trade, but she didn't do anything about it. She didn't want to jeopardize her career. Now she's going to be paying for that mistake the rest of her life. Anyway, I'm sorry I ruined your alone time. I'll see you back at the office. Let me ask you something, Nick. Does Bert Kimble drag his feet paying you, too? Excuse me? Because in my experience, getting money from that asshole is like getting blood from a stone. I don't know what you're talking about. Yes, you do. You see, after I saw your client sitting in jail, I got to wondering. How did she find you? I'm going to call security. Absolutely. See, it turns out that her friend, Bradley, recommended you. Bradley, who's been at Morello Assets for the past seven years. So, I checked. You know what I found? You represented Bert Kimble in a civil suit 12 years ago. It just so happens that you also represented Lunardi Pharmaceuticals in their FDA approval proceedings. That doesn't mean anything. You've seen my relationship with the DOJ. Do you want me to point them in your direction? Or do you want to admit to me that Bert Kimble is paying you off? Harvey. I don't understand. I thought all this business was done with. It's almost sorted out, Dean. I'm just here to let you know that Bert's a crook. What did you say? Harvey He used a lawyer to periodically provide him with inside information. Once he got this information, he handed out one tip sheet different from all the others. So, the trader, in this instance, Gabriele Stone would make a trade not knowing that she was acting on an illegal tip. It was actually ingenious. If the trade was ever under suspicion, even the trader couldn't point to Bert. Okay. We've heard more than enough. Thank you. I don't think so. Ms. Stone made two mistakes. One, she made a trade for more than $9 million. The other was not going to the DOJ the second the stock shot up through the roof. You son of a bitch. I Harvey, this is a lot to digest. Well, I'll make it easy for you, Dean. He's a cancer. You don't cut him loose, he's going to kill your whole company. How dare you walk in here and accuse me with these things? I mean, you are my lawyer! No, Bert. I'm the lawyer for Morello Asset Management. As far as the law is concerned, Dean Morello is my client, not you. Dumb son of a bitch. - Bert You're fired. What? Effective immediately. You're going to fire me? Because of this? I hope you're happy. Because without me, this hedge fund is nothing. I'll be happy when the Department of Justice puts your ass in handcuffs. Enjoy your freedom, Bert, because they're coming for you. And since you're a bigger trophy than Gabriele Stone, you're going to get a whole lot more than 11 months. Harvey, I want you to know that I knew nothing about any of this. Dean, when I was my little brother was getting bullied by a kid in the neighborhood. One day, I confronted the kid's father. He told me he didn't know anything about it. You know what his problem was? It was his goddamn job to know. Thanks for getting me out. I'm just sorry we couldn't get you your bonus. It wasn't mine to begin with. But without it, I don't know how I'm going to pay you. Don't worry about it. Dean Morello is footing this bill. You believed in me. I can't tell you how grateful I am to both of you. Never doubted you for a second. Oh, Gabby. I, uh, wanted to give you something. You left it on your desk. Thank you. All right, well, I'm going to find some water. You don't come back soon, we're sending out a search party. You never doubted her for a second? I didn't doubt her for a second. I doubted her for days. Yeah, that's not what just you led her to believe. People hear what they want to hear. Oh, I meant to ask you. That big guy that you got in a fight with, Mr. T, was he in on this whole thing? No. He was just a dick. I mean, that was the most brilliant portrayal of King Lear I have ever seen. ""Come not between the dragon and his wrath."" It was Thank you for tonight, Jessica. Really. This was nice. This was really, really nice. You're welcome, Louis. And yes, this was really nice. Listen, I I just want you to know how much I appreciate everything that you do for this firm. I take a lot of pride in my work. I know. And you're very good at what you do. Okay. Can you just please say that once in front of Harvey? Louis, I know you and Harvey have a rivalry. And the truth is that, right now, Harvey is more valuable to the firm. But that doesn't always mean that he's going to be on top. Because another truth is, is that I can't always count on Harvey to listen to me. But I can count on you. Yeah. Yes, you can. So you keep doing what you're doing, Louis, and you're going to be just fine. And if he doesn't know it already, I promise, Harvey is going to understand just how valuable you are to me. You know, next week, there's a revival of Cats. No. Nice touch. Tickets to the Yankee game. Found them on my desk. Can't wait. You're welcome. Nachos are on you this time. Oh, those tickets aren't for you and me. They're for you and Louis. Oh, Sunday, the 20th. Did I mention that I'm busy that night? I know you are. You're busy going to the Yankee game with Louis. ""Son, your ego's writing checks that your body can't cash."" Oh, see, that's funny because now, I'm quoting Top Gun. And get out of my office. Very funny. Very funny. Uh-huh. Very funny. Mike. Hey, you got a second? I just I just want to thank you. Thank me? For what? For going out of your way to help me with the LSAT's. Oh, it's nothing. You would have done the same for me. I put a lot of pressure on myself. I always have. You're right. I'm a perfectionist. It's okay. No, it's not okay. My dad, he always wanted a son. It was never something that he brought up. It was just sort of there. And I never felt like I was good enough for him. Which is why I don't like to put myself in positions where I might fail. So I decided to just push the LSAT's. Give myself a little more time to study. That's good. That's great. I think you made the right choice. Really? Why? You were the one that's been pushing me to take them next week. I just meant that I support the decision you made. That's all. Why are you suddenly changing your tune? Because if you're not ready, you're not ready. Listen, I've got to go. I'll see you tomorrow. No, that's not why. All that interest in Teresa. And then, the other guy didn't show up. But you did. You were going to take the test for me. What guy? What are you talking about? You know exactly what I'm talking about. You're the test genius, right? Um Mike, I could pick up the phone and find out right now. Yes. I took the test for your friend, Teresa. That's the whole reason you were trying to help me. Because you thought if you didn't, you were going to get caught. That's not true. How am I supposed to believe that? Honestly, how am I supposed to believe anything you say, when the whole time you were at Harvard, studying to be a lawyer, you were actually cheating for other people? Yes. I was helping people cheat. Okay? But But what? But it's not the whole story."
